# Before You Start<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0289900873"></a>

This section explains how to use databases, including creating databases and tables, inserting data to tables, and querying data in tables.

## Prerequisites<a name="en-us_topic_0283136717_en-us_topic_0237120268_en-us_topic_0065727379_section41248418165624"></a>

openGauss is running properly.

## Procedure<a name="en-us_topic_0283136717_en-us_topic_0237120268_en-us_topic_0065727379_section62139327164538"></a>

1.  Log in as the OS user  **omm**  to the primary node of the database.

    If you are not sure which server the primary node of the database is deployed on, see  [Confirming Connection Information](confirming-connection-information.md).

2.  Connect to a database.

    ```
    gsql -d postgres -p 8000
    ```

    If the following information is displayed, the connection has been established:

    ```
    gsql((openGauss x.x.x build f521c606) compiled at 2021-09-16 14:55:22 commit 2935 last mr 6385 release)
    Non-SSL connection (SSL connection is recommended when requiring high-security)
    Type "help" for help.
    
    openGauss=# 
    ```

    **postgres**  is the database generated by default after openGauss installation is complete. You can connect to this database to create a database.  **8000**  is the port number of the primary node of the database, and you can change it according to actual situations in openGauss. You can obtain the port number by following the instructions provided in  [Confirming Connection Information](confirming-connection-information.md).

    **Note:**

    -   You need to use a client program or tool to connect to the database and to deliver SQL statements.
    -   **gsql**  is a command-line interface \(CLI\) tool provided for connecting to a database. For more database connection methods, see  [Connecting to a Database](connecting-to-a-database.md).

3.  Create a database user.

    Only administrators that are created during openGauss installation can access the initial database by default. You can also create other database users.

    ```
    openGauss=# CREATE USER joe WITH PASSWORD "xxxxxxxxx";
    ```

    If the following information is displayed, the user has been created:

    ```
    CREATE ROLE
    ```

    In this case, you have created a user named  **joe**, and the user password is  **xxxxxxxxx**.

    Run the following command to set user  **joe**  as the system administrator.

    ```
    openGauss=# GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES TO joe;
    ```

    Run the  **GRANT**  command to set related permissions. For details, see  [GRANT](grant.md).

    **Note**: For details about how to create database users, see  [Managing Users and Their Permissions](managing-users-and-their-permissions.md).

4.  Create a database.

    ```
    openGauss=# CREATE DATABASE db_tpcc OWNER joe;
    ```

    If the following information is displayed, the user has been created:

    ```
    CREATE DATABASE
    ```

    After creating the  **db\_tpcc**  database, you can run the following command to exit the  **postgres**  database and log in to the  **db\_tpcc**  database as the user you created for more operations. You can also continue using the default  **postgres**  database.

    ```
    openGauss=# \q
    gsql -d db_tpcc -p 8000 -U joe
    Password for user joe:
    gsql((openGauss x.x.x build f521c606) compiled at 2021-09-16 14:55:22 commit 2935 last mr 6385 release)
    Non-SSL connection (SSL connection is recommended when requiring high-security)
    Type "help" for help.
     
    db_tpcc=> 
    ```

    Create a schema.

    ```
    db_tpcc=> CREATE SCHEMA joe AUTHORIZATION joe;
    ```

    If the following information is displayed, the schema has been created:

    ```
    CREATE SCHEMA
    ```

    **Note:**

    New databases are created in the  **pg\_default**  tablespace by default. To specify another tablespace, run the following statement:

    ```
    openGauss=# CREATE DATABASE db_tpcc WITH TABLESPACE = hr_local;
    CREATE DATABASE
    ```

    _hr\_local_  indicates the tablespace name. For details about how to create a tablespace, see  [Creating and Managing Tablespaces](creating-and-managing-tablespaces.md).

5.  Create a table.

    -   Create a table named  **mytable**  that has only one column. The column name is  **firstcol**  and the column type is  **integer**.

        ```
        db_tpcc=>  CREATE TABLE mytable (firstcol int);
        ```

        ```
        CREATE TABLE
        ```

    -   Run the following command to insert data to the table:

        ```
        db_tpcc=> INSERT INTO mytable values (100);
        ```

        If the following information is displayed, the data has been inserted:

        ```
        INSERT 0 1
        ```

    -   Run the following command to view data in the table:

        ```
        db_tpcc=> SELECT * from mytable;
         firstcol 
        ----------
              100
        (1 row)
        ```

    **Note:**

    -   By default, new database objects, such as the  **mytable**  table, are created in the  **$user**  schema. For more details about schemas, see  [Creating and Managing Schemas](creating-and-managing-schemas.md).
    -   For more details about how to create a table, see  [Creating and Managing Tables](creating-and-managing-tables.md).
    -   In addition to the created tables, a database contains many system catalogs. These system catalogs contain openGauss installation information and information about various queries and processes in openGauss. You can collect information about the database by querying system catalogs. For details, see  [Querying a System Catalog](querying-a-system-catalog.md).

        openGauss supports row and column storage, providing high query performance for interaction analysis in complex scenarios. For details about how to select a storage model, see  [Planning a Storage Model](planning-a-storage-model.md).



