# GAUSS-00721 -- GAUSS-00730<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073272"></a>

GAUSS-00721: "column '%s' contains null values"

SQLSTATE: 23502

Description: Non-null columns contain null values.

Solution: Check for conflicts in not-null constraints.

GAUSS-00722: "check constraint '%s' is violated by some row"

SQLSTATE: 23514

Description: Some rows violate check constraints.

Solution: Check for conflicts in check constraints.

GAUSS-00723: "cannot alter type '%s' because column '%s.%s' uses it"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The column type cannot be modified, because other columns depend on this column.

Solution: Check whether other columns depend on it. If they do, delete them and then modify the column type.

GAUSS-00724: "cannot alter foreign table '%s' because column '%s.%s' uses its row type"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A foreign table cannot be modified if its row type is being used by a column.

Solution: Check whether other columns depend on it. If they do, delete them and then modify the table.

GAUSS-00725: "cannot alter table '%s' because column '%s.%s' uses its row type"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A table cannot be modified if its row type is being used by a column.

Solution: Check whether other columns depend on it. If they do, delete them and then modify the table.

GAUSS-00726: "cannot alter type '%s' because it is the type of a typed table"

SQLSTATE: 2BP01

Description: The type of a typed table cannot be modified.

Solution: Use  **ALTER ... CASCADE**  to modify the typed table.

GAUSS-00727: "type %s is not a composite type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The type of  **CREATE TABLE OF/ALTER TABLE OF**  is not a composite one.

Solution: Use a composite type and try again.

GAUSS-00728: "cannot add column to typed table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Columns are added to a typed table.

Solution: Do not add columns to a typed table.

GAUSS-00729: "type '%s' is not supported in column store"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Column storage does not support this column type.

Solution: Choose the correct column type and try again.

GAUSS-00730: "default value cannot reference to a column"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: A default value cannot be used in a column.

Solution: Check whether the default value is enclosed by a pair of quotation marks.

