# GAUSS-01491 -- GAUSS-01500<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073173"></a>

GAUSS-01492: "nested CREATE EXTENSION is not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, a nested extension exist in the SQL statement.

Solution: Do not create a nested extension in the SQL statement.

GAUSS-01493: "unrecognized option: %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01494: "version to install must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **CREATE/ALTER EXTENSION**  execution,  **new version**  is not specified in the statement, and  **default version**  is not specified in the control file.

Solution: Specify  **new version**  in the statement or  **default version**  in the control file.

GAUSS-01495: "FROM version must be different from installation target version '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, the from version number and specified version number are the same.

Solution: Ensure that the from version number and specified version number are different.

GAUSS-01496: "extension '%s' must be installed in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, the schema specified in the  **WITH SCHEMA**  statement is different from that specified in the control file.

Solution: Ensure that the schema specified in the  **WITH SCHEMA**  clause is the same as that specified in the control file.

GAUSS-01497: "there is no default creation target"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:  **SCHEMA**  is not specified in the  **CREATE EXTENSION**  statement, and the default  **SCHEMA**  is used, which is empty.

Solution: The default  **SCHEMA**  is empty, the current system is abnormal, or the current directory of  **SCHEMA**  is deleted manually. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01498: "required extension '%s' is not installed"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  or  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, a required extension as specified in the control file is not installed.

Solution: Ensure that all extensions specified in the control file are installed and check them using  **\\dx**.

GAUSS-01499: "cannot drop extension '%s' because it is being modified"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: During  **DROP EXTENSION**  execution, an extension is being modified by another session.

Solution: Ensure that extensions cannot be modified by other sessions.

GAUSS-01500: "pg\_extension\_config\_dump\(\) can only be called from an SQL script executed by CREATE EXTENSION"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution,  **pg\_extension\_config\_dump**  is not executed.

Solution: Execute  **pg\_extension\_config\_dump**  in the  **CREATE EXTENSION**  statement.

