# GAUSS-01441 -- GAUSS-01450<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072955"></a>

GAUSS-01441: "btree comparison procedures must have two arguments"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD FUNCTION**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the value of  **access\_method**  is B-tree, and a B-tree comparison function is specified, but the number of parameters is not two.

Solution: If a B-tree comparison function is specified, ensure that the number of parameters must be two.

GAUSS-01442: "btree comparison procedures must return integer"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD FUNCTION**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the value of  **access\_method**  is B-tree, and a B-tree comparison function is specified, but the return value type is not int.

Solution: If a B-tree comparison function is specified, ensure that the return value must be of the int data type.

GAUSS-01443: "btree sort support procedures must accept type 'internal'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD FUNCTION**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the value of  **access\_method**  is B-tree, and a B-tree sort support function is specified, but the return value is not internal.

Solution: If a B-tree sort support function is specified, ensure that the return value must be of the internal type.

GAUSS-01444: "btree sort support procedures must return void"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD FUNCTION**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the value of  **access\_method**  is B-tree, and a B-tree sort support function is specified, but the return value is not void.

Solution: If a B-tree sort support function is specified, ensure that the return value must be of the void type.

GAUSS-01446: "hash procedures must return integer"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the ADD FUNCTION clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the value of  **access\_method**  is  **hash**, but the return value type is of the int type.

Solution: If  **access\_method**  is a hash type, the return value type must be of the int type.

GAUSS-01447: "associated data types must be specified for index support procedure"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: FOR TYPE data\_type is not specified in the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  statement. Left and right parameter types are not specified in the  **ADD OPERATOR**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement.

Solution: FOR TYPE data\_type must be specified. Left and right parameter types must be specified.

GAUSS-01448: "procedure number %d for \(%s,%s\) appears more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the same function appears multiple times.

Solution: Ensure that a function does not repeatedly appear in an SQL statement.

GAUSS-01449: "operator number %d for \(%s,%s\) appears more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the same operator appears multiple times.

Solution: Ensure that an operator does not repeatedly appear in an SQL statement.

GAUSS-01450: "operator %d\(%s,%s\) already exists in operator family '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: In the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the operator to be added already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the operator to be added does not exist in the operator family.

