# GAUSS-00761 -- GAUSS-00770<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073585"></a>

GAUSS-00761: "missing operator %d\(%u,%u\) in opfamily %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00762: "foreign key constraint '%s' cannot be implemented"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When foreign key constraints are added to a table, the type of constrained columns differs from that of quoted columns.

Solution: Modify the foreign key constraints to ensure that the type of constrained columns is the same as that of quoted columns.

GAUSS-00763: "Cannot create foreign key whose evaluation cannot be enforced to remote nodes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When foreign key constraints are added to a table, the foreign key constraints on referencing remote nodes cannot be created.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00764: "constraint '%s' of relation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE VALIDATE CONSTRAINT**  is run, the constraint on a table does not exist.

Solution: Modify the constraints that already exist, or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00765: "constraint '%s' of relation '%s' is not a foreign key or check constraint"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE VALIDATE CONSTRAINT**  is run, the relationship constraints are not foreign key constraints or check constraints.

Solution: Modify or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00766: "constraint must be validated on child tables too"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE VALIDATE CONSTRAINT**  is run to add a constraint to a parent table, the constraint is not added to the child tables.

Solution: Add the constraint to the child tables.

GAUSS-00767: "column '%s' referenced in foreign key constraint does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The referenced column of foreign key constraints on a relational table does not exist.

Solution: Modify the foreign key constraints.

GAUSS-00768: "cannot have more than %d keys in a foreign key"

SQLSTATE: 54011

Description: The number of referenced columns for a foreign key is greater than 32.

Solution: Limit the number of referenced columns for a foreign key.

GAUSS-00769: "cannot use a deferrable primary key for referenced table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description:  **GetPrimaryKey**  cannot be run for a deferrable primary key.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00770: "there is no primary key for referenced table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: When  **GetPrimaryKey**  is run, the referenced table has no primary key.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

