# GAUSS-00841 -- GAUSS-00850<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073345"></a>

GAUSS-00842: "cannot move an owned sequence into another schema"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE SET SCHEMA**  is run, the sequence of an owner is moved to another schema.

Solution: Do not move the sequence of an owner to another schema.

GAUSS-00843: "relation '%s' already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P07

Description: When  **ALTER RELATION NAMESPACE**  is run, the relation whose namespace is to be modified already exists in the schema.

Solution: This operation is not required.

GAUSS-00844: "failed to change schema dependency for relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to change the schema dependency of the table.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00845: "permission denied: system catalog '%s' can not be altered"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The RENAME, SET SCHEMA, or ALTER TABLE operation is performed on a system catalog.

Solution: Do not modify a system catalog.

GAUSS-00846: "'%s' is not a sequence"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00847: "'%s' is not a foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00848: "'%s' is not a composite type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The object is not a composite type.

Solution: Check whether the operation object is a composite type.

GAUSS-00849: "'%s' is not an index"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: An index operation is performed on a non-index table.

Solution: Perform this operation on an index table.

GAUSS-00850: "'%s' is a foreign table, which does not support column constraints."

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The foreign table and does not support column constraints.

Solution: Do not add column constraints to foreign tables.

