# GAUSS-04661 -- GAUSS-04670<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073710"></a>

GAUSS-04662: "illegal chars conversion may confuse COPY null 0x%x"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **null**  parameter is set to a space or question mark \(?\), and  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  is set to  **true**, indicating the invalid characters are compatible. The imported invalid characters are converted to spaces or question marks, introducing confusion with the  **null**  parameter, which results in potential import errors.

Solution: Set  **null**  to other characters except a space or question mark to avoid confusion with invalid characters after they are converted.

GAUSS-04663: "illegal chars conversion may confuse COPY delimiter 0x%x"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **delimiter**  parameter is set to a space or question mark \(?\), and  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  is set to  **true**, indicating the invalid characters are compatible. The imported invalid characters are converted to spaces or question marks, introducing confusion with the  **delimiter**  parameter, which results in potential import errors.

Solution: Set  **delimiter**  to other characters except a space or question mark to avoid confusion with invalid characters after they are converted.

GAUSS-04664: "illegal chars conversion may confuse COPY quote 0x%x"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **quote**  parameter is set to a space or question mark \(?\), and  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  is set to  **true**, indicating the invalid characters are compatible. The imported invalid characters are converted to spaces or question marks, introducing confusion with the  **quote**  parameter, which results in potential import errors.

Solution: Set  **quote**  to other characters except a space or question mark to avoid confusion with invalid characters after they are converted.

GAUSS-04665: "illegal chars conversion may confuse COPY escape 0x%x"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **escape**  parameter is set to a space or question mark \(?\), and  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  is set to  **true**, indicating the imported invalid characters are compatible. The imported invalid characters are converted to spaces or question marks, introducing confusion with the  **escape**  parameter, which results in potential import errors.

Solution: Set  **escape**  to other characters except a space or question mark to avoid confusion with invalid characters after they are converted.

GAUSS-04666: "the bulkload state isn't accordant"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal system error. The cached global variable CopyState is inconsistent with the imported CopyState.

Solution:Contact technical support.

