# GAUSS-00751 -- GAUSS-00760<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073208"></a>

GAUSS-00751: "cluster key for relation '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description:  **ALTER TABLE ADD CONSTRAINT**  cannot be run if the cluster key of a relational table already exists.

Solution: Modify the new constraints.

GAUSS-00753: "referenced relation '%s' is not a table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When foreign key constraints are added to a table, the referenced table of foreign key constraints is not an ordinary table.

Solution: Ensure that the referenced table of foreign key constraints is an ordinary table.

GAUSS-00754: "Invalid FOREIGN KEY constraints"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The referenced table of foreign key constraints is a partitioned table although the partitioned table supports creating foreign key constraints.

Solution: Ensure that the referenced table of foreign key constraints is an ordinary table.

GAUSS-00755: "constraints on permanent tables may reference only permanent tables"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Foreign key constraints on ordinary tables do not reference ordinary tables.

Solution: Modify the referenced tables of foreign key constraints to ordinary tables.

GAUSS-00756: "constraints on unlogged tables may reference only permanent or unlogged tables"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Foreign key constraints on unlogged tables do not reference ordinary tables or unlogged tables.

Solution: Modify the referenced tables of the foreign key constraints to ordinary tables or unlogged tables.

GAUSS-00757: "constraints on temporary tables may reference only temporary tables"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Foreign key constraints on temporary tables do not reference temporary tables.

Solution: Modify the referenced tables of the foreign key restraints to temporary tables, or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00758: "constraints on temporary tables must involve temporary tables of this session"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Foreign key constraints on temporary tables do not reference local temporary tables.

Solution: Modify the referenced tables of the foreign key restraints to temporary tables, or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00759: "number of referencing and referenced columns for foreign key disagree"

SQLSTATE: 42830

Description: When foreign key constraints are added to a table, the number of constrained columns differs from that of quoted columns.

Solution: Modify the foreign key constraints to ensure that the number of constrained columns is the same as that of quoted columns.

GAUSS-00760: "only b-tree indexes are supported for foreign keys"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The index of the primary key corresponding to the foreign key is not a B-tree index.

Solution: Ensure that the unique constraint index of the primary key is a B-tree index.

