# GAUSS-01351 -- GAUSS-01360<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073474"></a>

GAUSS-01351: "cache lookup failed for text search template %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01352: "text search template '%s' does not accept options"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The init method is not specified but options are specified during the creation or change of a text search dictionary.

Solution: While creating or altering a text search dictionary, specify the init method and options simultaneously, or do not specify options in any cases.

GAUSS-01353: "text search template is required"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: No template is provided during the creation of a text search dictionary.

Solution: Provide a template while creating a text search dictionary.

GAUSS-01354: "cache lookup failed for text search dictionary %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The full-text search dictionary corresponding to the ID is not found in the system catalog.

Solution: Check whether the DROP operation is concurrently performed on the dictionary.

GAUSS-01355: "text search dictionary '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: A conflict occurs when changing the text search dictionary name.

Solution: Rename the text search dictionary.

GAUSS-01356: "unrecognized attribute for text search template: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: While a full-text search template is created, a specified column fails to be obtained from the  **pg\_ts\_template**  system catalog.

Solution: The attribute information in  **pg\_ts\_template**  is incorrect due to system exception or manual attribute modification. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01357: "must be system admin to create text search templates"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user creates a text search template.

Solution: Create a text search template as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01358: "text search template parameter '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Unrecognized template parameters are provided during the creation of a text search template.

Solution: Provide init or lexize template parameters only.

GAUSS-01359: "text search template lexize method is required"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The lexize method provided during the creation of a text search template is invalid.

Solution: Provide a valid lexize method during the creation of a text search template.

GAUSS-01360: "must be system admin to rename text search templates"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user changes the text search template name.

Solution: Change the text search template name as a system administrator.

