# GAUSS-01281 -- GAUSS-01290<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073270"></a>

GAUSS-01281: "access method '%s' does not support unique indexes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Unique indexes are not supported.

Solution: Do not create unique indexes described in the error message.

GAUSS-01282: "access method '%s' does not support multicolumn indexes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Combination indexes are not supported.

Solution: Do not create unique indexes described in the error message.

GAUSS-01283: "access method '%s' does not support exclusion constraints"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Exclusion constraints are not supported.

Solution: Do not add exclusive constraints described in the error message.

GAUSS-01284: "Cannot create index whose evaluation cannot be enforced to remote nodes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: openGauss primary key constraint takes effect through a unique B-tree index. The index cannot be created if the primary key constraint does not contain a distribution column.

Solution: Check whether the primary key constraint contains a distribution column.

GAUSS-01285: "unknown constraint type"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The constraint type defined during index creation is incorrect.

Solution: The keyword for creating an index can only be  **PRIMARY KEY**,  **UNIQUE**, or  **EXCLUDE**. Use a one of them to rebuild the index.

GAUSS-01286: "fail to get index info when create index partition"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: Failed to obtain indexes during the creation of partitioned indexes.

Solution: Re-create the partition index. If the system still displays a failure message, an internal error occurs. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01287: "index partition with name '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The name of a partitioned index exists.

Solution: Modify the name of a partitioned index to avoid duplication.

GAUSS-01288: "unsupport partitioned strategy"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The partitioning policy is not supported.

Solution: Currently, the partitioned index can be created only for RANGE or INTERNAL partitioned tables. Change the partitioned table type to  **RANGE**  or  **INTERNAL**  and rebuild the partitioned index.

GAUSS-01289: "collation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The sorting mode of indexes does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the sorting mode of indexes is correct.

GAUSS-01290: "cannot use subquery in index predicate"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A subquery is used in an expression index.

Solution: Do not use a subquery in an expression index.

