# GAUSS-00711 -- GAUSS-00720<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073189"></a>

GAUSS-00711: "cannot %s '%s' because it is being used by active queries in this session"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: The object to be modified is being used.

Solution: Modify the object after the active queries are complete.

GAUSS-00712: "cannot %s '%s' because it has pending trigger events"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: Pending trigger events are detected when a table is modified.

Solution: Modify the table after pending trigger events are handled.

GAUSS-00713: "Un-support feature"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Feature not supported.

Solution: Do not use it.

GAUSS-00714: "unrecognized alter table type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The table is changed to an unsupported type.

Solution: Check whether the new table type is supported.

GAUSS-00715: "Incompatible operation with data redistribution"

SQLSTATE: 54001

Description: The  **ALTER**  statement is incompatible with data redistribution.

Solution: Use the  **ALTER**  statement that is compatible with data redistribution.

GAUSS-00716: "cannot set with oids on partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The attribute OIDs of partitioned tables are modified.

Solution: Do not modify the attribute OIDs of partitioned tables.

GAUSS-00717: "cannot set without oids on partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The attribute OIDs of partitioned tables are modified.

Solution: Do not modify the attribute OIDs of partitioned tables.

GAUSS-00718: "cannot rewrite temporary tables of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Temporary tables of other sessions are rewritten.

Solution: Do not rewrite temporary tables of other sessions.

GAUSS-00719: "cannot rewrite system relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The system catalog is rewritten.

Solution: Do not rewrite the system catalog.

