# GAUSS-03361 -- GAUSS-03370<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073536"></a>

GAUSS-03361: "source string too short for '%s' formatting field"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The length of the source string must be shorter than the length to be read.

Solution: Use the  **FM**  modifier if the source string does not have a fixed length.

GAUSS-03362: "invalid value '%s' for '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. Failed to parse partial characters of the string.

Solution: Correct the date and time format of the string to be converted. If the string does not have a fixed length, use the  **FM**  modifier.

GAUSS-03363: "value for '%s' in source string is out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22008

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The string value is out of range.

Solution: Correct the string value based on the prompt.

GAUSS-03364: "character does not match format string"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03365: "input length of format 'US'/'us'/'FF'/'ff' must between 0 and 6"

SQLSTATE: 22008

Description: The date and time value is out of range. The length of the  **US/us/FF/ff**  format must range between 0 and 6.

Solution: Change the format length and ensure that the format range between 0 and 6.

GAUSS-03366: "'TZ'/'tz' format patterns are not supported in to\_date"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The date in the TZ/tz format is not supported.

Solution: Modify the date format.

GAUSS-03367: "invalid input string for 'Y,YYY'"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The input string fails to meet the date and time format requirements.

Solution: Ensure that the input string is in the  **Y,YYY**  format.

GAUSS-03368: "invalid data for match in date string"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The data for match in a date string is invalid.

Solution: Use valid string text to query the match.

GAUSS-03369: "invalid data for '%s = %d' ,value must be %s"

SQLSTATE: 22008

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The input data is inconsistent with the specified value.

Solution: Input the data based on the specified value.

GAUSS-03370: " seconds of minute conflicts with seconds in day"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The second value of the minute conflicts with that of the day.

Solution: Modify the date and time format.

