# GAUSS-00621 -- GAUSS-00630<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073283"></a>

GAUSS-00621: "column names cannot be included in GRANT/REVOKE ROLE"

SQLSTATE: 0LP01

Description: The  **GRANT/REVOKE ROLE**  statement contains column names.

Solution: Ensure that the  **GRANT/REVOKE ROLE**  statement does not contain column names.

GAUSS-00622: "Permission denied to drop objects."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You have no permission to delete objects.

Solution: Ensure that you have permission to delete objects.

GAUSS-00623: "Permission denied to reassign objects."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You have no permission to reassign objects.

Solution: Ensure that you have permission to reassign objects.

GAUSS-00625: "must have admin option on role '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: System administrators do not have the  **SYSADMIN**  attribute.

Solution: Specify the  **SYSADMIN**  attribute for system administrators when creating them.

GAUSS-00626: "must be system admin to set grantor"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You have no permission to set authorizers.

Solution: Set authorizers as a system administrator.

GAUSS-00627: "role '%s' is a member of role '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0LP01

Description: The target user is a member of a user.

Solution: Check whether the target user is a member of a user.

GAUSS-00628: "schema '%s' doesnot exist"

SQLSTATE: 3F000

Description: The schema does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the schema exists.

GAUSS-00629: "cannot cancel current session's query"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The session query cannot be canceled.

Solution: Check whether the session has locked the objects owned by users.

GAUSS-00630: "md5-password encryption failed."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: MD5 fails to encrypt passwords.

Solution:Contact technical support.

