# GAUSS-01071 -- GAUSS-01080<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073593"></a>

GAUSS-01071: "permission denied to create foreign-data wrapper '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You do not have permission to create a foreign-data wrapper.

Solution: Create the foreign-data wrapper as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01072: "permission denied to alter foreign-data wrapper '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You do not have permission to alter a foreign-data wrapper.

Solution: Alter the foreign-data wrapper as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01073: "cache lookup failed for foreign-data wrapper %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the required foreign-data wrapper.

Solution: Check whether the OBS settings in use are correct.

GAUSS-01074: "cache lookup failed for foreign server %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the required foreign-data wrapper.

Solution: Check whether the OBS settings in use are correct.

GAUSS-01075: "user mapping '%s' already exists for server %s"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The user mapping of the server already exists.

Solution: Do not create the user mapping of the server again.

GAUSS-01076: "user mapping '%s' does not exist for the server"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The user mapping of the server does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the user mapping of the server has been created before using the server.

GAUSS-01077: "cache lookup failed for user mapping %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

