# GAUSS-03091 -- GAUSS-03100<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073206"></a>

GAUSS-03091: "malformed array literal: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: The data format of the input array is incorrect.

Solution: Check whether the input string can be converted to an array constant.

GAUSS-03092: "multidimensional arrays must have array expressions with matching dimensions"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: Multi-dimensional arrays must be provided with dimension-matching expressions.

Solution: Check the input strings.

GAUSS-03093: "array size exceeds the maximum allowed \(%d\)"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The array length exceeds the maximum.

Solution: Ensure that the number of array elements in the input string does not exceed the value specified in the error information.

GAUSS-03095: "invalid number of dimensions: %d"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: The array dimension is less than zero.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

GAUSS-03096: "invalid array flags"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: The array flag is invalid. The value can only be  **0**  or  **1**.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

GAUSS-03097: "wrong element type"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Types of the array elements are inconsistent.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

GAUSS-03098: "insufficient data left in message"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: The remaining length of the message is smaller than the length obtained from the message.

Solution: Check the current string.

GAUSS-03099: "improper binary format in array element %d"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: When the array is read, there is still data in the buffer.

Solution: Check the input data.

