# GAUSS-04631 -- GAUSS-04640<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073101"></a>

GAUSS-04631: "It is unsupported to rename database '%s' on DFS tablespace '%s'."

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: If the DFS tablespace is used in the database, the database cannot be renamed.

Solution: Ensure that no table in the database uses DFS tablespaces.

GAUSS-04634: "cannot alter text search configuration '%s' because other objects depend on it"

SQLSTATE: 2BP01

Description: This configuration information cannot be changed because the context index configuration items have dependent relationship with other tables or indexes.

Solution: Cancel the dependency and then perform this operation.

GAUSS-04637: "It is not allowed to assign version option for non-dfs table."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An error is reported when the  **version**  parameter is specified for creating row-store tables or column-store tables in CU format.

Solution: Do not use the  **version**  parameter when creating row-store tables or column-store tables in CU format.

GAUSS-04638: "Unsupport '%s' option"

SQLSTATE: None

Description: Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04639: "Invalid string for 'VERSION' option"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **version**  parameter is invalid.

Solution: Set this parameter to  **0.12**.

GAUSS-04640: "Num of partition keys in value-partitioned table should not be zeror"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The partition column is not specified when the HDFS table partitioned by value is created.

Solution: Specify 1 to 4 columns when creating the value-partitioned HDFS table.

