# GAUSS-01471 -- GAUSS-01480<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073641"></a>

GAUSS-01471: "cache lookup failed for object %u of catalog '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: During  **ALTER..SET TABLESPACE..**  execution, alter objects fail to be obtained from the cache.

Solution: The system cache is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01472: "must be system admin to set schema of %s"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user modifies the object  **namespace**.

Solution: Modify the object as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01473: "%s already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The object already exists in the new schema when the user is to modify the object  **namespace**.

Solution: Ensure that the object does not exist in the new schema if the user is to modify the object  **namespace**.

GAUSS-01474: "unrecognized AlterOwnerStmt type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The alter object type in the  **ALTER..OWNER TO..**  syntax is incorrect.

Solution: Correct the alter object type by referring to the  _SQL Reference_.

GAUSS-01476: "unsupported datatype"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The analyzed column-store table contains unsupported data types.

Solution: Check whether the column-store table is defined properly. If not, create a column-store table again. Check whether this error persists. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01477: "extension '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  or  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, the extension does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the specified extension exists.

GAUSS-01478: "invalid extension name: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, the extension name is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the extension name cannot be empty, contain "--", start or end with "-", or contain separators, such as / and \\\\.

GAUSS-01479: "invalid extension version name: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, the version name is invalid. During  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, the new version or default version is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the version, new version, and default\_version cannot be empty, contain "--", begin or end with "-", or contain separators, such as / and \\\\.

