# GAUSS-00261 -- GAUSS-00270<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073684"></a>

GAUSS-00261: "subfield '%s' is of type %s but expression is of type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Data types at both sides of the expression are inconsistent.

Solution: Switch the data type at either side to make them consistent.

GAUSS-00262: "column '%s' specified more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: A column is specified multiple times when inserting data to a table.

Solution: Insert data in each column only once.

GAUSS-00263: "SELECT \* with no tables specified is not valid"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Syntax not supported.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00265: "Un-support feature"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Feature not supported.

Solution: Do not use it.

GAUSS-00268: "VALUES lists must all be the same length"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In the  **INSERT ... VALUES**  statement, the number of values does not match that of table columns.

Solution: 1. Run  **\\d tblname**  to check columns in the table. 2. Ensure that the number of values matches that of table columns. 3. Modify the syntax of the  **INSERT ... VALUES**  statement.

GAUSS-00269: "VALUES must not contain table references"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The  **SELECT**  clause in the  **INSERT ... VALUES**  statement contains a join list.

Solution: Ensure that the  **SELECT**  clause in the  **INSERT ... VALUES**  statement does not contain a join list. Modify the INSERT statement based on its syntax.

GAUSS-00270: "VALUES must not contain OLD or NEW references"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Syntax not supported.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

