# GAUSS-01881 -- GAUSS-01890<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073364"></a>

GAUSS-01881: "cache lookup failed for tablespace %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01882: "cannot set privileges of array types"

SQLSTATE: 0LP01

Description: Permissions cannot be granted to objects whose types are array.

Solution: Ensure that the object type is correct before you grant permissions.

GAUSS-01883: "unrecognized privilege type '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The permission type is unrecognized.

Solution: Check the context to determine whether the type definition is correct or has been modified.

GAUSS-01884: "unrecognized privilege: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01886: "permission denied for column '%s' of relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Permission operations are denied for attribute columns in a table.

Solution: Check whether the permission operation definition is correct.

GAUSS-01887: "role with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The user does not exist.

Solution: Search the user list to check whether the user exists.

GAUSS-01888: "unrecognized objkind: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01889: "attribute %d of relation with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The table does not contain an attribute access right list.

Solution: Check whether the access right list exists when the table is defined.

GAUSS-01890: "relation with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding table does not exist.

Solution: Search the  **pg\_class**  system catalog to check whether the table with corresponding OID exists.

