# GAUSS-03141 -- GAUSS-03150<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073269"></a>

GAUSS-03141: "extra garbage at the end of the ACL specification"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: Extra strings are left after the string to be converted to the ACL array is parsed.

Solution: Check the input strings.

GAUSS-03142: "unrecognized objtype abbreviation: %c"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The input parameter of the  **acldefault**  function is incorrect.

Solution: Do not manually call the  **acldefault**  function or modify the first input parameter of the function.

GAUSS-03143: "grant options cannot be granted back to your own grantor"

SQLSTATE: 0LP01

Description: The permission is granted back to the original grantor.

Solution: Check the ACL rules.

GAUSS-03144: "dependent privileges exist"

SQLSTATE: 2BP01

Description: The permission to be deleted has dependency permissions.

Solution: Use the  **cascade**  keyword for cascading delete.

GAUSS-03145: "null ACL"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03146: "aclinsert is no longer supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The  **aclinsert**  function cannot be used.

Solution: Do not manually call the  **aclinsert**  function.

GAUSS-03147: "aclremove is no longer supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The  **aclremove**  function cannot be used.

Solution: Do not manually call the  **aclremove**  function.

GAUSS-03148: "unrecognized privilege type: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The parameters of the  **makeaclitem**  function are incorrect.

Solution: Do not manually call the  **makeaclitem**  function or modify the third parameter of the function.

GAUSS-03149: "unrecognized aclright: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The parameters of the  **aclexplode**  function are incorrect.

Solution: Do not manually call the  **aclexplode**  function or modify its parameter.

GAUSS-03150: "function '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

