# GAUSS-03331 -- GAUSS-03340<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073385"></a>

GAUSS-03331: "xml\_errorHandler called with invalid PgXmlErrorContext"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03332: "invalid query"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: The query is invalid.

Solution: Modify the query statement.

GAUSS-03333: "xpath expression result type %d is unsupported"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03334: "invalid array for XML namespace mapping"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: An internal error occurs. The array for XML namespace mapping is invalid. The array must be a two-dimensional array.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03335: "empty XPath expression"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: The  **Xpath**  expression is empty.

Solution: Provide a valid  **Xpath**  expression when the XML function is called.

GAUSS-03336: "neither namespace name nor URI may be null"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: Either the XML namespace or the corresponding URL is  **NULL**.

Solution: Ensure that neither the XML namespace nor URL is  **NULL**.

GAUSS-03338: "LIKE pattern must not end with escape character"

SQLSTATE: 22025

Description: The  **LIKE**  pattern should not be ended with an escape character.

Solution: Modify the  **LIKE**  pattern and ensure that it is not ended with an escape character.

GAUSS-03339: "invalid format specification for an interval value"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The input parameter cannot be the interval type when the  **date/time**  field is converted to char.

Solution: Ensure that the input parameter is in the correct time format.

GAUSS-03340: "'EEEE' must be the last pattern used"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The numeric format is incorrect.  **EEEE**  should appear at the last part.

Solution: Modify the value format and perform the operation again.

