# GAUSS-00501 -- GAUSS-00510<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073152"></a>

GAUSS-00501: "template database '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 3D000

Description: The template database  **template1**  does not exist.

Solution: The  **template1**  database is lost due to a database system exception. Restart the database or manually create the  **template1 **database.

GAUSS-00502: "permission denied to copy database '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, if the original database is not a template database, the user role does not have permission to create a database.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, if the original database is not a template database, only users who have the CREATEDB permission or the system administrator can create a database. Ensure that the user has the required permission.

GAUSS-00503: "invalid server encoding %d"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the specified encoding format is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the encoding format must be GBK, UTF8, or Latin1.

GAUSS-00504: "invalid locale name: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When you create a database, the specified database character set is invalid.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the character set specified for the new database must match that of the template database. Use the  **show lc\_collate;**  command to query the character set of the template database.

GAUSS-00505: "new encoding \(%s\) is incompatible with the encoding of the template database \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the character encoding specified for the new database does not match that of the template database  **template0**.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the character encoding specified for the new database must match that of the template database  **template0**. Use  **show server\_encoding;**  to query the character encoding of the template database  **template0**. Then, modify the character encoding specified for the created database.

GAUSS-00506: "new collation \(%s\) is incompatible with the collation of the template database \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the character set specified for the new database does not match that of the template database  **template0**.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the character set specified for the new database must match that of the template database  **template0**. Use the  **show lc\_collate;**  command to query the character set of the template database  **template0**. Then, modify the character set specified for the created database.

GAUSS-00507: "new LC\_CTYPE \(%s\) is incompatible with the LC\_CTYPE of the template database \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the character type specified for the new database does not match that of the template database  **template0**.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the character type specified for the new database must match that of the template database  **template0**. Use the  **show lc\_ctype;**  command to query the character type of the template database  **template0**. Then, modify the character type specified for the created database.

GAUSS-00508: "pg\_global cannot be used as default tablespace"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the default tablespace specified for the new database is  **pg\_global**.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the default tablespace specified for the new database is not  **pg\_global**. Currently, only the default tablespace is supported.

GAUSS-00509: "cannot assign new default tablespace '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: In the syntax for creating a database, the default tablespace specified for the new database is  **pg\_global**.

Solution: In the syntax for creating a database, ensure that the directory for the tablespace is valid when specifying a tablespace other than the default tablespace and the global tablespace for the new tablespace. If the directory is invalid, create a valid directory.

GAUSS-00510: "database '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42P04

Description: The database name already exists.

Solution: Use the  **\\l**  command to check whether the database name exists. If yes, rename the database.

