# GAUSS-01201 -- GAUSS-01210<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073262"></a>

GAUSS-01201: "can not specify EOL in BINARY mode"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The terminator fails to be specified in BINARY mode.

Solution: Do not use terminators in BINARY mode.

GAUSS-01202: "FIX specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description:  **FIX**  is not used in  **COPY FROM**  or foreign table scenarios.

Solution: Use  **FIX**  only in  **COPY FROM**  or foreign table scenarios.

GAUSS-01203: "FILEHEADER specification only available using HEAD"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The file to read HEADER information from is specified, but whether this information is required is not specified.

Solution: Specify  **HEADER**  in the export statement or remove the name of the file to be read.

GAUSS-01204: "table '%s' does not have OIDs"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The OID item is specified when data is imported, but there is no such OID column in the user table.

Solution: Ensure that the data to be imported has OIDs consistent with the user table definition. Delete the imported OID item or add an OID column to the user table.

GAUSS-01206: "unexpected rewrite result"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal system error. The imported SQL statement is not rewritten as expected.

Solution: Runtime error. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01207: "COPY \(SELECT INTO\) is not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **COPY SELECT INTO**  is not supported.

Solution: Do not use  **SELECT INTO**  in  **COPY**.

GAUSS-01208: "FORCE QUOTE column '%s' not referenced by COPY"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: In CSV COPY TO mode, quotation marks are not used for non-null values in each specified column.

Solution: Use quotation marks for all not-null values in each specified column. Null values are not quoted.

GAUSS-01209: "FORCE NOT NULL column '%s' not referenced by COPY"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: In CSV COPY FROM mode, the specified column is empty.

Solution: Enter a value for the specified column.

GAUSS-01210: "could not close file '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to close a specified file.

Solution: Ensure that the specified file is not damaged and the permission is sufficient.

