# GAUSS-01021 -- GAUSS-01030<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073648"></a>

GAUSS-01021: "unrecognized constraint subtype: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The constraint type is invalid.

Solution: Check whether the constraint type defined in the SQL statement is correct.

GAUSS-01022: "%s is not an enum"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The object is not an enum type.

Solution: Ensure that the object is an enum type.

GAUSS-01024: "type attribute 'subtype' is required"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The subtype attribute of the type is not specified.

Solution: Add the subtype attribute to the SQL statement.

GAUSS-01025: "range subtype cannot be %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Pseudo type.

Solution: Ensure that range subtype is not the pseudo type.

GAUSS-01026: "range collation specified but subtype does not support collation"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Range collation is specified, but the subtype does not support collation.

Solution: If collation is specified, ensure that the subtype supports collation.

GAUSS-01027: "typmod\_in function %s must return type 'integer'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the typmod\_in function is not integer.

Solution: Check the tymod\_in function and ensure that the return type is integer.

GAUSS-01028: "typmod\_out function %s must return type 'cstring'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the typmod\_out function is not cstring.

Solution: Check the typmod\_out function and ensure that the return type is cstring.

GAUSS-01029: "type analyze function %s must return type 'Boolean'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the analyze function is not Boolean.

Solution: Check the analyze function and ensure that the return type is Boolean.

GAUSS-01030: "operator class '%s' does not accept data type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The operator class does not support this data type.

Solution: Ensure that the subtype matches the operator class.

