# GAUSS-01331 -- GAUSS-01340<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073531"></a>

GAUSS-01331: "RESTART value \(%s\) cannot be less than MINVALUE \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the  **RESTART**  clause, the value of  **RESTART**  is less than the minimum value.

Solution: Change the  **RESTART**  clause to ensure that the value of  **RESTART**  is greater than or equal to the minimum value.

GAUSS-01332: "RESTART value \(%s\) cannot be greater than MAXVALUE \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: In the  **RESTART**  clause, the value of  **RESTART**  is greater than the maximum value.

Solution: Change the  **RESTART**  clause to ensure that the value of  **RESTART**  is equal to or less than the maximum value.

GAUSS-01334: "invalid OWNED BY option"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The specified value in the  **OWNED BY**  clause is not none.

Solution: Change the  **OWNED BY**  clause to ensure that the specified value is none.

GAUSS-01335: "sequence must have same owner as table it is linked to"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The sequence and its associated table do not belong to the same owner.

Solution: In the  **OWNED BY**  clause, ensure that the sequence and its associated table belong to the same owner.

GAUSS-01336: "sequence must be in same schema as table it is linked to"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The sequence and its associated table do not have the same schema.

Solution: In the  **OWNED BY**  clause, ensure that the sequence and its associated table have the same schema.

GAUSS-01337: "seq\_redo: unknown op code %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01338: "seq\_redo: failed to add item to page"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01340: "unrecognized attribute for text search parser: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: While a full-text retrieval parser is created using the  **CREATE TEXT SEARCH CONFIGURATION PARSER**  syntax, a specified table fails to be obtained from the  **pg\_ts\_parser**  system catalog.

Solution: The attribute information in  **pg\_ts\_parser**  is incorrect due to system exception or manual attribute modification. Contact technical support.

