# GAUSS-01891 -- GAUSS-01900<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073709"></a>

GAUSS-01891: "database with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 3D000

Description: The result of checking user access rights indicates that the corresponding database does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the database status in the  **pg\_database**  system catalog is normal.

GAUSS-01892: "function with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding function does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the function is defined in the  **pg\_proc**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01893: "language with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding language format does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the language is defined in the  **pg\_language**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01894: "schema with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 3F000

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding schema space does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the corresponding space is defined in the  **pg\_namespace**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01895: "tablespace with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding tablespace does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the tablespace is defined in the  **pg\_tablespace**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01896: "foreign-data wrapper with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The foreign-data wrapper does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the foreign-data wrapper has been created.

GAUSS-01897: "foreign server with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The foreign server does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the foreign server has been created.

GAUSS-01898: "type with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding data type does not exist.

Solution: Check whether all types are defined in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01899: "type with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding data type does not exist.

Solution: Check whether all types are defined in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01900: "operator with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding operator type does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the operator is defined in the  **pg\_operator**  system catalog.

