# GAUSS-00731 -- GAUSS-00740<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073367"></a>

GAUSS-00731: "child table '%s' has different type for column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When  **AddColumn**  is run to add a column to a parent table, this column and a column in the child tables share the same name but have different types.

Solution: Modify the type of the column to be added to that of the child tables.

GAUSS-00732: "child table '%s' has different collation for column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P21

Description: When  **AddColumn**  is run to add a column to a parent table, this column and a column in the child tables share the same name but have different collations.

Solution: Modify the collation of the column to be added to that of the child tables.

GAUSS-00733: "child table '%s' has a conflicting '%s' column"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When  **AddColumn**  is run to add a column to a parent table, the column already exists in the child tables.

Solution: Rename the column to be added.

GAUSS-00735: "column must be added to child tables too"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **AddColumn**  is run to add a column to a parent table, the column is not added to the child tables.

Solution: Add the column recursively to the child tables.

GAUSS-00736: "column '%s' of relation '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: When a column is added to a relational table or a column name is changed, the column name already exists.

Solution: Specify the column name again.

GAUSS-00737: "cannot alter system column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN DROP**  is run, the column of a system catalog cannot be modified.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00738: "column '%s' is in a primary key"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN DROP**  is run, the primary key of a table cannot be modified.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00739: "'%s' is not a table, index, or foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET STATISTICS**  is run, the object to be modified is not a common table, index, or foreign table.

Solution: Run this statement when the object is a common table, index, or foreign table, or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00740: "statistics target %d is too low"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET STATISTICS**  is run, the value of a statistics target is excessively small.

Solution: Set a valid value for the statistics target.

