# GAUSS-00181 -- GAUSS-00190<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073405"></a>

GAUSS-00181: "function '%s' doesn't exist "

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The function is not defined.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00182: "function '%s' isn't exclusive "

SQLSTATE: 42723

Description: Duplicate function definitions exist.

Solution: Ensure that no duplicate functions exist in the system.

GAUSS-00183: "function '%s' with %d parameters doesn't exist "

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The function is not defined.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00184: "invalid name: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The variable name is invalid.

Solution: Use a variable name complying with the naming rule.

GAUSS-00185: "WITH query name '%s' specified more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42712

Description: The name of a  **WITH**  clause is specified multiple times.

Solution: Specify the name of a  **WITH**  clause only once.

GAUSS-00187: "unexpected utility statement in WITH"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00188: "WITH clause containing a data-modifying statement must be at the top level"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The non-SELECT with statement is not placed at the beginning of the whole query.

Solution: Place the non-SELECT with statement at the beginning of the whole query.

GAUSS-00189: "wrong number of output columns in WITH"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00190: "recursive query '%s' column %d has type %s in non-recursive term but type %s overall"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The column type in the non-recursive query is inconsistent with that in the recursive query.

Solution: Convert the output type in the non-recursive query to that in the recursive query.

