# GAUSS-00071 -- GAUSS-00080<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072624"></a>

GAUSS-00071: "there is no parameter $%d"

SQLSTATE: 42P02

Description: The parameter sequence number is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the parameter sequence number is within the range.

GAUSS-00072: "NULLIF requires = operator to yield Boolean"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When comparing parameters in the NULLIF expression, the return value of the function used is not of the Boolean type.

Solution: Ensure that the return value of the function is a Boolean type.

GAUSS-00073: "arguments of row IN must all be row expressions"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The parameter in the IN expression is neither of the array type nor a row expression.

Solution: Ensure that the parameter is an array type or a row expression.

GAUSS-00074: "unexpected non-SELECT command in SubLink"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00075: "subquery must return a column"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: No columns are returned for a subquery.

Solution: Ensure that at least one column is returned for a subquery.

GAUSS-00076: "subquery must return only one column"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When a subquery is used as a sub-expression, more than one column is returned.

Solution: Ensure that only one column is returned.

GAUSS-00077: "subquery has too many columns"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In a row expression, the number of columns returned for a subquery is more than the number of required columns.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns returned is the same as the number of required columns.

GAUSS-00078: "subquery has too few columns"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In a row expression, the number of columns returned for a subquery is less than the number of required columns.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns returned is the same as the number of required columns.

GAUSS-00079: "cannot determine type of empty array"

SQLSTATE: 42P18

Description: The type of an empty array cannot be determined.

Solution: Forcibly convert the data type.

GAUSS-00080: "could not find element type for data type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The type of an element in the array is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the type of an element stored in the array is the same as the specified one.

