# GAUSS-01341 -- GAUSS-01350<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073437"></a>

GAUSS-01341: "function %s should return type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return value type of the specified function is inconsistent with the expected one during the creation of a text search parser.

Solution: While creating a text search parser, modify the return value type of the specified function based on the error message so that the modified value is consistent with that described in the error message.

GAUSS-01342: "must be system admin to create text search parsers"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user creates a text search parser.

Solution: Create a text search parser as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01343: "text search parser parameter '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: An unrecognized function is defined during the creation of a text search parser.

Solution: Specify the function whose name is  **start**/**gettoken**/**end**/**headline**/**lextypes**  while creating a text search parser.

GAUSS-01345: "text search parser gettoken method is required"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The gettoken method is not defined during the creation of a text search parser.

Solution: While creating a text search parser, define the gettoken method.

GAUSS-01347: "text search parser lextypes method is required"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The lextypes method is not defined during the creation of a text search parser.

Solution: While creating a text search parser, define the lextypes method.

GAUSS-01348: "cache lookup failed for text search parser %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01349: "must be system admin to rename text search parsers"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user changes the text search parser name.

Solution: Change the text search parser name as a system administrator.

