# GAUSS-01121 -- GAUSS-01130<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073235"></a>

GAUSS-01121: "cannot swap toast files by content when there's only one"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: During scale-out and redistribution, the physical files of two tables fail to be exchanged using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function, because the toast table in one of the tables is empty.

Solution: Delete the current table, rebuild it using  **CREATE TABLE**, and rebuild its physical file.

GAUSS-01122: "cannot swap toast files by links for system catalogs"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: During scale-out and redistribution, when the physical files of two tables are exchanged using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function, the toast physical files of system catalogs cannot be exchanged.

Solution: During scale-out and redistribution, the toast physical files of system catalogs cannot be exchanged using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function. Check whether the function parameters contain any system catalog names.

GAUSS-01123: "expected one dependency record for TOAST table, found %ld"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: During scale-out and redistribution, the physical files of two tables fail to be exchanged using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function, because more than one object depends on the toast table.

Solution: Check the number of objects the toast table depends on in the  **pg\_depend**  table. If more than one object exists, delete them and exchange the physical files using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function.

GAUSS-01124: "expected none dependency record for partiton's TOAST table, found %ld"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: While the partition files of two tables are exchanged during partitioned table rebuilding, toast table files \(if any\) in the two tables are also exchanged. The partition files fail to be exchanged because the toast tables have dependent objects.

Solution: Rebuild the required partitioned table using  **CREATE TABLE PARTITION**.

GAUSS-01125: "expected one dependency record for CUDesc/Delta table, found %ld"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: During scale-out and redistribution, the physical files of two column-store tables fail to be exchanged using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function, because more than one object depends on the column-store table.

Solution: Check the number of objects the column-store table depends on in the  **pg\_depend**  table. If more than one object exists, delete them and exchange the physical files using the gs\_switch\_relfilenode function.

GAUSS-01127: "invalid statement name: must not be empty"

SQLSTATE: 42P14

Description: The statement name is empty.

Solution: Specify the statement name.

GAUSS-01128: "could not determine data type of parameter $%d"

SQLSTATE: 42P18

Description: The parameter data type cannot be recognized.

Solution: Change the parameter value to a value recognizable to the system. For the value types recognizable to the system, see section "Data Type."

GAUSS-01129: "utility statements cannot be prepared"

SQLSTATE: 42P14

Description: DDL statements cannot be prepared.

Solution: Do not prepare DDL statements.

GAUSS-01130: "EXECUTE does not support variable-result cached plans"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

