# GAUSS-01101 -- GAUSS-01110<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073055"></a>

GAUSS-01101: "%s requires an integer value"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The parameter provided is not of the integer type.

Solution: Check the SQL statement and provide the correct parameter.

GAUSS-01102: "invalid argument for %s: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Invalid parameter.

Solution: Check the SQL statement and provide the correct parameter.

GAUSS-01103: "table is not partitioned"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: This table is not a partitioned table.

Solution: Check the table name and ensure that the table is partitioned.

GAUSS-01104: "cannot cluster temporary tables of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Temporary tables created in other sessions cannot be clustered.

Solution: Do not cluster temporary tables created in other sessions.

GAUSS-01105: "there is no previously clustered index for table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Previously clustered index of this table does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that this table has been previously clustered if the clustered index is not provided. The system will use the previously clustered index. Otherwise, provide the clustered index.

GAUSS-01106: "cannot cluster a shared catalog"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A system catalog shared by multiple databases cannot be clustered.

Solution: Do not cluster a system catalog shared by multiple databases.

GAUSS-01107: "cannot vacuum temporary tables of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Temporary tables created in other sessions cannot be vacuumed.

Solution: Do not vacuum temporary tables created in other sessions.

GAUSS-01108: "'%s' is not an index for table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: This index is not of the table and cannot be clustered.

Solution: Ensure that the index in the SQL statement matches the corresponding table.

GAUSS-01109: "cannot cluster on index '%s' because access method does not support clustering"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The index type cannot be clustered.

Solution: Do not cluster this type of index.

GAUSS-01110: "cannot cluster on partial index '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Partial indexes cannot be clustered.

Solution: Do not cluster partial indexes.

