# GAUSS-00821 -- GAUSS-00830<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073554"></a>

GAUSS-00821: "cannot inherit to temporary relation of another session"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, the temporary relational table of another session cannot be inherited.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00822: "circular inheritance not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42P07

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, circular inheritance is forbidden.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00823: "table '%s' without OIDs cannot inherit from table '%s' with OIDs"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, tables without OIDs cannot inherit other tables.

Solution: Add OIDs to tables.

GAUSS-00824: "column '%s' in child table must be marked NOT NULL"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, a parent table has the NOT NULL constraint, but the column of a child table does not have the constraint.

Solution: Add the NOT NUll constraint to the column attribute of the child table.

GAUSS-00825: "child table is missing column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When** ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, a child table lacking a column cannot inherit a parent table.

Solution: Add the missing column to the child table, or cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00826: "child table '%s' has different definition for check constraint '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, a child table and a parent table have different definitions on a constraint.

Solution: Ensure that the parent and child tables have the same definition on a constraint.

GAUSS-00827: "constraint '%s' conflicts with non-inherited constraint on child table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, the constraint on a parent table conflicts with the non-inherited constraint on a child table.

Solution: Modify the constraint on the parent or child table.

GAUSS-00828: "child table is missing constraint '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE INHERIT**  is run, a constraint is missing in a child table.

Solution: Modify this operation.

GAUSS-00829: "relation '%s' is not a parent of relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE NO INHERIT**  is run to delete parent table constraints on a child table, the child table does not have the parent table relationship.

Solution: Do not delete the constraints directly.

GAUSS-00830: "typed tables cannot inherit"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE OF**  is run, the inherited table cannot be of composite type.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

