# GAUSS-04231 -- GAUSS-04240<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073600"></a>

GAUSS-04231: "canceling statement due to %s request"

SQLSTATE: 57014

Description: The user cancels the operation.

Solution: Ensure that the reason to cancel the operation is valid. If the operation needs to be canceled, ignore the error. If the operation cancellation is abnormal, analyze the error and rectify it.

GAUSS-04232: "stack depth limit exceeded"

SQLSTATE: 54001

Description: The stack depth exceeds the upper limit, that is, the value of  **max\_stack\_depth\_bytes**  \(the default value is  **100\*1024**\).

Solution: Ensure that the depth of the recursive call function is proper. If the depth is out of limit, expand  **max\_stack\_depth\_bytes**.

GAUSS-04233: "local xids can be used only in single user mode"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The local XID can be used only in single-user mode.

Solution: The  **--single**  parameter needs to be added.

GAUSS-04235: "invalid command-line argument for server process: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: An invalid command-line parameter is entered for the server process.

Solution: Use  **--help**  to check the parameter function and enter the correct parameter.

GAUSS-04236: "%s: invalid command-line argument: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: An invalid command-line parameter is entered when the database is being connected.

Solution: Use  **--help**  to check the parameter function and enter the correct parameter.

GAUSS-04237: "openGauss: could not locate my own executable path"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04238: "%s: no database nor user name specified"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Neither the database nor the username is specified when the database is being connected.

Solution: Add the database and username parameter.

GAUSS-04239: "invalid CLOSE message subtype %d"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: An invalid  **CLOSE**  command is entered in the front end or the standard input.

Solution: Ensure the type of  **CLOSE**  is  **S**  or  **P**.

GAUSS-04240: "invalid DESCRIBE message subtype %d"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: An invalid  **DESCRIBE**  command is entered in the front end or the standard input.

Solution: Ensure the type of  **DESCRIBE**  is  **S**  or  **P**.

