# GAUSS-03601 -- GAUSS-03610<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073325"></a>

GAUSS-03603: "number of index columns \(%d\) exceeds limit \(%d\)"

SQLSTATE: 54011

Description: The number of index tuples exceeds the upper limit 32.

Solution: Reduce the number of columns that require row-store indexes.

GAUSS-03604: "index row requires %lu bytes, maximum size is %lu"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The length of a single index tuple exceeds the size of a page, which is caused by excessively long data in the index column.

Solution: Do not create indexes for excessively long columns.

GAUSS-03605: "column '%s' cannot be applied %s compress mode"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The column does not support the prompted compression mode.

Solution: Select the correct compression mode for the column.

GAUSS-03606: "unsupported format code: %d"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The type is not supported.

Solution: Check the column type and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03607: "invalid attnum: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: A system column involved in the operation does not exist.

Solution: If the system column query is initiated by the user, check whether the query of the system column is supported. If the query is supported, this error is an internal error. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03608: "number of columns \(%d\) exceeds limit \(%d\)"

SQLSTATE: 54011

Description: The number of columns exceeds the upper limit.

Solution: Reduce the number of columns and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03609: "Tuple does not match the descriptor"

SQLSTATE: XX001

Description: The number of columns in the tuple is different from the actual column quantity.

Solution: Runtime error. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03610: "cannot extract system attribute from virtual tuple"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An internal error occurs. The system column cannot be extracted from the virtual tuple.

Solution: Runtime error. Contact technical support.

