# GAUSS-00221 -- GAUSS-00230<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072906"></a>

GAUSS-00221: "%s '%s' is ambiguous"

SQLSTATE: 42702

Description: The column specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is ambiguous.

Solution: Ensure that the column specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is correct.

GAUSS-00222: "non-integer constant in %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The constant specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is not of the integer type.

Solution: Ensure that the constant specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is an integer type.

GAUSS-00223: "%s position %d is not in select list"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: The position of the constant specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is not in the current list.

Solution: Ensure that the constant position specified by  **GROUP BY/ORDER BY**  is in the current list.

GAUSS-00224: "window '%s' is already defined"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The window name has been defined.

Solution: Use an undefined window name.

GAUSS-00225: "window '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The specified window object does not exist.

Solution: Define a window object before using it.

GAUSS-00226: "cannot override PARTITION BY clause of window '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The  **PARTITION BY**  clause in the window function is overwritten.

Solution: Ensure that the  **PARTITION BY**  clause in the window function is not overwritten.

GAUSS-00227: "cannot override ORDER BY clause of window '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The  **ORDER BY**  clause in the window function is overwritten.

Solution: Ensure that the  **ORDER BY**  clause in the window function is not overwritten.

GAUSS-00228: "cannot override frame clause of window '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The frame clause in the window function is overwritten.

Solution: Ensure that the frame clause in the window function is not overwritten.

GAUSS-00229: "in an aggregate with DISTINCT, ORDER BY expressions must appear in argument list"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: In an aggregate operation, parameters in  **DISTINCT**  and  **ORDER BY**  expressions do not exist in the target list.

Solution: Ensure that the parameters exist in the target list.

GAUSS-00230: "SELECT DISTINCT ON expressions must match initial ORDER BY expressions"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: When  **DISTINCT ON**  and  **ORDER BY**  are used simultaneously, their expressions are different.

Solution: Ensure that their expressions are the same.

