# GAUSS-01831 -- GAUSS-01840<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073559"></a>

GAUSS-01831: "function '%s' is not a window function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01832: "null prosrc"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description: Failed to obtain a customized function.

Solution: Ensure that the function name is correct.

GAUSS-01833: "there is no built-in function named '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: No built-in function is found based on the function name provided.

Solution: Check whether the  **pg\_proc**  table contains the corresponding function name.

GAUSS-01834: "null prosrc for C function %u"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description: Failed to obtain a customized C function.

Solution: Ensure that the function name is correct.

GAUSS-01835: "null probin for C function %u"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description: Failed to obtain a built-in C function.

Solution: Ensure that the function name is correct.

GAUSS-01836: "SQL functions cannot return type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: SQL functions cannot return  **format\_type\_be\(proc-\>prorettype\)**  data.

Solution: Check the SQL statement.

GAUSS-01837: "SQL functions cannot have arguments of type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The types of parameters cannot be  **format\_type\_be\(proc-\>proargtypes.values\[i\]\)**.

Solution: Check the types of parameters in SQL functions.

GAUSS-01838: "In XC, SQL functions cannot contain utility statements"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: SQL functions cannot contain utility statements.

Solution: Check the content in SQL functions.

GAUSS-01840: "no conversion name supplied"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: While a conversion is created, the conversion name is not provided.

Solution: Ensure that the conversion name is not empty.

