# GAUSS-01721 -- GAUSS-01730<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073470"></a>

GAUSS-01721: "null conbin for rel %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01722: "constraint '%s' conflicts with non-inherited constraint on relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The new constraint conflicts with non-inherent constraints in the table.

Solution: Ensure that the type of the new constraint and that of the existing ones are consistent.

GAUSS-01723: "cannot use column references in default expression"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: The default expression contains table attribute variables.

Solution: Ensure that the default expression in the SQL statement does not contain attribute variables.

GAUSS-01724: "default expression must not return a set"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The default expression returns a set, which is not allowed.

Solution: Ensure that the default expression in the SQL statement does not return a set.

GAUSS-01725: "cannot use subquery in default expression"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The default expression contains subquery expressions, which is not allowed.

Solution: Ensure that the default expression in the SQL statement does not contain subquery expressions.

GAUSS-01727: "cannot use window function in default expression"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The default expression contains window functions, which is not allowed.

Solution: Ensure that the default expression in the SQL statement does not contain window functions.

GAUSS-01728: "column '%s' is of type %s but default expression is of type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The type of the column attribute is different from that of the value returned by the corresponding default expression.

Solution: Ensure that the expression is correct. If not, rewrite the expression.

GAUSS-01729: "only table '%s' can be referenced in check constraint"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: Only the constraint of a specific table can be checked. Cross-table check is unsupported.

Solution: Ensure that the table name corresponding to the constraint is correct. Alternatively, ensure that the table specified in the expression resolved is consistent with the actual one.

GAUSS-01730: "unsupported ON COMMIT and foreign key combination"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The foreign key of  **Table 2**  is the primary key of  **Table 1**, indicating that  **Table 2**  references  **Table 1**. However, their COMMIT settings are different.

Solution: Ensure that their COMMIT settings are consistent.

