# GAUSS-01011 -- GAUSS-01020<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073406"></a>

GAUSS-01011: "type send function %s must return type 'bytea'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the send function is not specified.

Solution: Specify the return type of the send function.

GAUSS-01012: "'%s' is not a valid base type for a domain"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The base type of the domain is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the base type of the domain is b, d, e, or r.

GAUSS-01013: "multiple default expressions"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple default expressions are specified.

Solution: Define only one default expression.

GAUSS-01014: "conflicting NULL/NOT NULL constraints"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: NULL/NOT NULL constraints conflict.

Solution: Ensure that NULL/NOTNULL constraints do not conflict.

GAUSS-01015: "CHECK constraints for domains cannot be marked NO INHERIT"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The check constraint of a domain is set to  **NO INHERIT**.

Solution: Do not set the check constraint to  **NO INHERIT**.

GAUSS-01016: "unique constraints not possible for domains"

SQLSTATE: 42000

Description: The domain definition contains a unique constraint.

Solution: Check the domain definition statement to ensure that no unique constraint exists.

GAUSS-01017: "primary key constraints not possible for domains"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The domain definition contains a primary key constraint.

Solution: Check the domain definition statement to ensure that no primary key constraint exists.

GAUSS-01018: "exclusion constraints not possible for domains"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The domain definition contains an exclusive constraint.

Solution: Check the domain definition statement to ensure that no exclusive constraint exists.

GAUSS-01019: "foreign key constraints not possible for domains"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The domain definition contains a foreign key constraint.

Solution: Check the domain definition statement to ensure that no foreign key constraint exists.

GAUSS-01020: "specifying constraint deferrability not supported for domains"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The domain contains the deferrability attribute of a constraint.

Solution: Delete the deferrability attribute from the domain definition statement.

