# GAUSS-00691 -- GAUSS-00700<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073186"></a>

GAUSS-00691: "column '%s' has a collation conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42P21

Description: The collation of a column is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the collation of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

GAUSS-00692: "column '%s' has a storage parameter conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The storage parameter of the column is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the storage parameter of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

GAUSS-00693: "column '%s' inherits conflicting default values"

SQLSTATE: 42611

Description: The value a column inherits is inconsistent with the default value.

Solution: Ensure that the value a column inherits is consistent with the default value.

GAUSS-00694: "check constraint name '%s' appears multiple times but with different expressions"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The names of check constraints on different expressions occur multiple times.

Solution: Ensure that the names of check constraints on different expressions appear once.

GAUSS-00695: "cannot rename column of typed table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The column of a typed table is renamed.

Solution: Do not rename the column of a typed table.

GAUSS-00696: "'%s' is not a table, view, composite type, index, or foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The object to be renamed is not a table.

Solution: Do not rename the column of a view, type, index, or foreign table.

GAUSS-00697: "inherited column '%s' must be renamed in child tables too"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: A renamed inherited column is not synchronized to child tables.

Solution: Synchronize the renamed inherited column to child tables.

GAUSS-00698: "cannot rename system column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The name of a column reserved for the system is modified.

Solution: Do not modify the name of a column reserved for the system.

GAUSS-00699: "cannot rename inherited column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The name of an inherited column is modified.

Solution: Do not modify the name of an inherited column.

GAUSS-00700: "inherited constraint '%s' must be renamed in child tables too"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: A renamed inherited constraint is not synchronized to child tables.

Solution: Synchronize the renamed inherited constraint to child tables.

