# GAUSS-00051 -- GAUSS-00060<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073605"></a>

GAUSS-00052: "column '%s' of relation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The column name is empty, incorrectly spelled, or not a column name defined in a relational table.

Solution: Run  **\\d tblname**  to check whether the specified column name is the one specified in the table. If it is not, change it to a valid column name.

GAUSS-00053: "type '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: A specified type is not found in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.

Solution: Correct the type used in the statement. \(See types defined in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.\)

GAUSS-00054: "type '%s' is only a shell"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: No corresponding operation functions are defined in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog for a specified type.

Solution: Check whether the type used in the statement is correct. If it is, use the  **CREATE TYPE**  statement to define the operation function corresponding to the specified type.

GAUSS-00055: "type modifier cannot be specified for shell type '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The user-defined type contains typmod.

Solution: Correct the user-defined type, typmod.

GAUSS-00056: "type modifier is not allowed for type '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The user-defined type contains typmod.

Solution: Correct the user-defined type, typmod.

GAUSS-00057: "type modifiers must be simple constants or identifiers"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The provided type modifier is incorrect.

Solution: A type modifier must be defined as a constant or identifier. Check whether the syntax of the specified type modifier is correct. If it is incorrect, define a valid type modifier.

GAUSS-00058: "collations are not supported by type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The collation does not match the type, and the input is incorrect.

Solution: Modify the input SQL statement.

GAUSS-00059: "typeTypeId\(\) called with NULL type struct"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00060: "invalid type name '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The specified type is invalid.

Solution: Correct the type used in the statement. \(See types defined in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.\)

