# GAUSS-00391 -- GAUSS-00400<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073275"></a>

GAUSS-00392: "too many partition keys for partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When a created table is a range partitioned table, the number of specified partition columns exceeds 4 \(the maximum number\).

Solution: Ensure that the maximum number of partition columns is not greater than 4 when the created table is a range partitioned table.

GAUSS-00393: "too many partitions for partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When the  **PARTITION BY RANGE\(partition\_key\)\(range\_partition\_definition\_list\)...**  syntax is used to create a range partitioned table, the number of specified columns for partition values exceeds 32767 \(the maximum number\).

Solution: Ensure that the number of specified columns for partition values is not greater than 32767.

GAUSS-00394: "Range partitioned table with INTERVAL was forbidden"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The  **PARTITION BY RANGE\(partition\_key\) INTERVAL**  clause \(interval partition\) cannot be used in the current version.

Solution: Do not use the PARTITION BY RANGE\(partition\_key\) INTERVAL clause \(interval partition\) in the current version.

GAUSS-00395: "Range partitioned table with INTERVAL clause has more than one column"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Usage not supported.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00397: "duplicate partition name: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: When the  **PARTITION BY RANGE\(partition\_key\)\(range\_partition\_definition\_list\)...**  syntax is used to create a range partitioned table, duplicate partition names exist in the specified lists for partition values.

Solution: Check whether duplicate partition names exist in the specified lists for partition values. If yes, change the duplicate partition names.

GAUSS-00398: "column '%s' appears twice in partial cluster key constraint"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: Duplicate column names exist in the  **columnList**  list of the  **CREATE TABLE ... CONSTRAINT PARTIAL CLUSTER KEY \(columnList\)**  syntax.

Solution: Change the duplicate column names.

GAUSS-00399: "column name '%s' conflicts with a system column name"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: The column names specified in the  **CREATE TABLE**  syntax are the same as those retained in the system catalog.

Solution: Change the column names as prompted to ensure that the column names are different.

GAUSS-00400: "access method 'psort' does not support WHERE clause"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When psort is specified for the  **INDEX**  clause in the  **CREATE INDEX**  or  **ALTER TABLE**  syntax, the  **INDEX**  clause contains a  **WHERE**  clause.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the  **WHERE**  clause does not exist.

