# GAUSS-04641 -- GAUSS-04650<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073638"></a>

GAUSS-04641: "Num of partition keys in value-partitioned table exceeds max allowed num:%d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The number of partition columns exceeds 4 when the HDFS table partitioned by value is created.

Solution: Specify 1 to 4 columns when creating the value-partitioned HDFS table.

GAUSS-04642: "Unsupport partition strategy '%s' feature for dfs table."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Only the HDFS table partitioned by value is supported. Otherwise, an error is reported.

Solution: Specify the value partition when creating HDFS tables.

GAUSS-04644: "Value partitioned table can only be created on DFS tablespace."

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The value partition can only be created in the DFS table.

Solution: Do not create the value partition for other types of tables except the DFS table.

GAUSS-04645: "It is not supported to truncate foreign table '%s'."

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The truncate operation cannot be performed on foreign tables.

Solution: Do not perform the truncate operation on foreign tables.

GAUSS-04646: "It is not supported to truncate non-table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The truncate operation is not supported on database objects in abnormal tables.

Solution: Do not perform the truncate operation on database objects in abnormal tables.

GAUSS-04648: "Storage type '%s' is meaningless for column relation"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The storage type of row-store tables is meaningless for column-store tables.

Solution: Do not set the storage type for the column-store tables.

GAUSS-04649: "column '%s' cannot be served as a value-partitioning column because of its datatype \[%s\]"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Some types are not supported in value partition.

Solution: Check the documentation and determine the data type supported by the value partition.

GAUSS-04650: "can not set tablespace for partitioned relation"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The tablespace of the partitioned table is changed.

Solution: Do not change the tablespace for partitioned tables.

