# GAUSS-00211 -- GAUSS-00220<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073586"></a>

GAUSS-00211: "cannot use window function in function expression in FROM"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The function expression in the  **FROM**  clause is a window function.

Solution: Do not use a window function in the  **FROM**  clause.

GAUSS-00212: "column name '%s' appears more than once in USING clause"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: During join operation, when the  **USING**  clause is used, the same column name appears in the clause more than once.

Solution: Ensure that the same column name appears only once in the  **USING**  clause.

GAUSS-00214: "column '%s' specified in USING clause does not exist in left table"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: Columns listed in the  **USING**  clause cannot be found in the left table.

Solution: Ensure that the column name used is in the left and right tables.

GAUSS-00217: "column alias list for '%s' has too many entries"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of columns in the object alias exceeds the actual number of columns.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns in the object alias is consistent with the actual number of columns.

GAUSS-00218: "argument of %s must not contain variables"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: A clause similar to  **LIMIT**  uses a variable.

Solution: Do not use a variable in a clause similar to  **LIMIT**.

GAUSS-00219: "argument of %s must not contain aggregate functions"

SQLSTATE: 42803

Description: A clause similar to  **LIMIT**  uses an aggregate function.

Solution: Do not use an aggregate function in a clause similar to  **LIMIT**.

GAUSS-00220: "argument of %s must not contain window functions"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: A clause similar to  **LIMIT**  uses a window function.

Solution: Do not use a window function in a clause similar to  **LIMIT**.

