# GAUSS-04761 -- GAUSS-04770<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073044"></a>

GAUSS-04761: "Value '%s' of option 'compression' is invalid for row table"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The column-store table compression parameters are incorrectly specified.

Solution: Change the compression parameters to  **yes**  or  **no**.

GAUSS-04762: "Invalid string for 'filesystem' option."

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: An error is reported because the value of the  **filesystem**  is incorrect when a tablespace is created.

Solution: Set  **filesystem**  to  **general**  or  **hdfs**  when creating a tablespace.

GAUSS-04764: "No storepath is specified for a DFS server."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The store path is not specified when the HDFS tablespace is created.

Solution: Specify a store path when creating the HDFS tablespace.

GAUSS-04765: "current text search configuration doesnot support options"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The current configuration does not support options.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement based on the documentation.

GAUSS-04766: "CUListWrite: Cannot allocate memory"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to allocate the memory because the system memory is insufficient.

Solution: After the OS releases part of memory, allocate the memory again.

GAUSS-04767: "could not access status of transaction %lu, nextXid is %lu"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The transaction on the node to be accessed does not exist.

Solution:

-   If the transaction status that does not exist is called actively, ignore it.
-   If it is a normal transaction and the node involves this transaction, contact technical support.

GAUSS-04770: "write cu failed, colid\(%d\) cuid\(%u\), offset\(%lu\), size\(%d\) : %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An exception occurs when the data file is written in the asynchronization I/O mode.

Solution: Restore the cluster data file from the standby server or the backup data.

