# GAUSS-01821 -- GAUSS-01830<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073250"></a>

GAUSS-01821: "variadic parameter must be last"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When a procedure is created, the variadic parameter is abnormal.

Solution: Ensure that only the last parameter is a variadic parameter.

GAUSS-01822: "variadic parameter is not an array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When a procedure is created, the variadic parameter is not an array.

Solution: Ensure that the variadic parameter is normal.

GAUSS-01823: "invalid parameter mode '%c'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When a procedure is created, the proargmode parameter is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the proargmode parameter is normal.

GAUSS-01824: "more than one function '%s' already exist, please drop function first"

SQLSTATE: 42723

Description: A duplicate function name already exists.

Solution: Ensure that a new function is given a different name from that of any other function in the schema.

GAUSS-01825: "function '%s' already exists with same argument types"

SQLSTATE: 42723

Description: A duplicate function name already exists, and parameters of the function being created are the same as those of the original function.

Solution: Ensure that the function is new.

GAUSS-01826: "cannot change return type of existing function"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The return type of an existing function cannot be changed.

Solution: Change the return type of a new function or drop the existing function.

GAUSS-01827: "cannot change name of input parameter '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The type of input parameter cannot be changed during function creation.

Solution: Check whether the function parameter is changed and drop the existing function.

GAUSS-01828: "function '%s' is an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Internal error. The function being created is an aggregate function whose status cannot be changed.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01829: "function '%s' is not an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01830: "function '%s' is a window function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The function being created is a window function whose status cannot be changed.

Solution:Contact technical support.

