# GAUSS-01481 -- GAUSS-01490<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072891"></a>

GAUSS-01481: "parameter '%s' cannot be set in a secondary extension control file"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension-related functions,  **default\_version**  or  **directory**  is specified in the control file.

Solution: Do not specify  **default\_version**  or  **directory**  in the control file.

GAUSS-01482: "parameter '%s' requires a Boolean value"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension related functions,  **relocatable**  or  **sysadmin**  lacks a Boolean value in the control file.

Solution: Assign a Boolean value to  **relocatable**  or  **sysadmin**  in the control file.

GAUSS-01483: "'%s' is not a valid encoding name"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension related functions,  **encoding**  lacks a valid name in the control file.

Solution: Specify a valid name to  **encoding**  in the control file.

GAUSS-01484: "parameter '%s' must be a list of extension names"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension-related functions,  **requires**  lacks a list of extension names in the control file.

Solution: Specify a list of extension names to  **requires**  in the control file.

GAUSS-01485: "unrecognized parameter '%s' in file '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension -related functions, an invalid parameter is specified in the control file.

Solution: Specify only the following parameters: directory/default\_version/module\_pathname/comment/schema/relocatable/sysadmin/encoding/requires

GAUSS-01486: "parameter 'schema' cannot be specified when 'relocatable' is true"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: During the execution of  **CREATE EXTENSION**,  **ALTER EXTENSION**, or other extension-related functions,  **relocatable**  is set to true and  **schema**  is also specified in the control file.

Solution: Do not specify  **schema**  if  **relocatable**  is true in the control file.

GAUSS-01487: "transaction control statements are not allowed within an extension script"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  or  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, SQL script files contain transaction control SQL statements.

Solution: Do not use transaction control SQL statements in SQL script files.

GAUSS-01488: "permission denied to create extension '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, the extension control file is run with system administrator rights. However, the user does not run the file as a system administrator.

Solution: Ensure that the file is run by a system administrator.

GAUSS-01489: "permission denied to update extension '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, the extension control file is run with system administrator rights. However, the user does not run the file as a system administrator.

Solution: Ensure that the file is run by a system administrator.

GAUSS-01490: "extension '%s' has no update path from version '%s' to version '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  or  **ALTER EXTENSION**  execution, the updated path does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the name and path of the SQL files are correct if  **FROM** _old\_version_  and  **UPDATE TO** _new\_version_  are contained in the statement.

