# GAUSS-04371 -- GAUSS-04380<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073302"></a>

GAUSS-04371: "Invalid value for tablespace maxsize: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The format or value of the tablespace limit is incorrect.

Solution: Correct the format or value according to corresponding prompt information.

GAUSS-04372: "tablespace cannot be created under data directory"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: An error occurs while creating a tablespace in the data directory.

Solution: Do not create tablespace in the data directory. An error is reported if the absolute path of the created tablespace contains the data directory.

GAUSS-04373: "unchangeable tablespace '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42939

Description: The system tablespace or private tablespace cannot be modified.

Solution: Change the user tablespace name to a valid one.

GAUSS-04374: "Insufficient storage space for tablespace '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: All tablespaces configured are used up.

Solution: Contact the system administrator to adjust the tablespace quota.

GAUSS-04375: "Communication failure, failed to send set commands to pool."

SQLSTATE: 08000

Description: Communication is abnormal.

Solution: Check the network status of the host. Perform this operation when the network pressure is low.

GAUSS-04376: "explain\_dna\_file should be .csv file."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The file name is not in .csv format.

Solution: Set the file name to the .csv format.

GAUSS-04377: "explain\_dna\_file should be absolute path + .csv file."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **explain\_dna\_file**  parameter is not in the format of  _Absolute path_**.csv**.

Solution: Set the  **explain\_dna\_file**  parameter in the format of  _Absolute path_**.csv**.

GAUSS-04378: "you are not allowed to do that operation immediately, please try again later"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: This command cannot be used too frequently.

Solution: Run this command at a certain interval.

GAUSS-04379: "The account is not within the period of validity. "

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The current account is not within the valid period.

Solution: The security administrator needs to reset the user's valid start time and end time.

GAUSS-04380: "memory is temporarily unavailable"

SQLSTATE: 53200

Description: An error is reported when memory allocation fails.

Solution: ERROR level. Roll back the job that is being executed.

