# GAUSS-02021 -- GAUSS-02030<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073230"></a>

GAUSS-02022: "rm xlog comand is not from primary,peer\_role=%d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02023: "return type must be a row type"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The tuple descriptor constructed is not a row result message.

Solution: Query again. Check whether this error persists. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02026: "requested WAL segment %s has already been removed"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The logs requested by the standby/secondary server have been removed from the primary server.

Solution: Check whether there are discontinuous log names in the  **pg\_xlog**  directory of the primary server instances. Re-build the standby server or restart the secondary server. In the database environment, the CM server automatically rebuilds the standby server. Currently, primary/standby/secondary deployment is not supported by default.

GAUSS-02027: "could not open file '%s' \(log file %u, segment %u\): %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: A specific log segment file cannot be opened.

Solution: Check whether the file exists in the  **pg\_xlog**  directory of the instances or whether the permission is correct. Resolve the problem based on specific log error codes. "

GAUSS-02030: "%u/%u/%u invalid bcm buffer %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The specified BCM buffer cannot be opened.

Solution: Check whether abnormal deletion occurs by analyzing logs and data files. Restart instances.

