# GAUSS-00311 -- GAUSS-00320<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073297"></a>

GAUSS-00311: "SELECT FOR UPDATE/SHARE cannot be applied to a join"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The range table in the  **FOR UPDATE/SHARE...OF table\_name**  syntax is a join table.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the specified table is not a join table. 

GAUSS-00312: "SELECT FOR UPDATE/SHARE cannot be applied to a function"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The range table in the  **SELECT ... FOR UPDATE/SHARE...OF table\_name**  syntax is a function.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the specified table is not a function.

GAUSS-00313: "SELECT FOR UPDATE/SHARE cannot be applied to a WITH query"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The range table in the  **SELECT ... FOR UPDATE/SHARE...OF table\_name**  syntax is a list identified by the  **WITH**  clause.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the specified range table is not a list identified by the  **WITH**  clause. 

GAUSS-00314: "unrecognized RTE type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00315: "relation '%s' in FOR UPDATE/SHARE clause not found in FROM clause"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description:  _table\_name_  in the  **SELECT ... FROM table1\_name FOR UPDATE/SHARE...OF table\_name**  syntax does not exist in the  **FROM**  clause.

Solution: Ensure that  _table\_name_  exists in the  **FROM**  clause.

GAUSS-00316: "unsupport 'like clause including partition' for partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: In the  **CREATE TABLE ... LIKE source\_table**  syntax, the table name in the  **LIKE**  clause is specified as a partitioned table.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the  **PARTITION BY**  clause is used if the table name is specified as a partitioned table.

GAUSS-00317: "unsupport 'like clause including reloptions' together with 'with'"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: In the  **CREATE TABLE ... LIKE source\_table**  syntax, the  **LIKE**  clause contains  **INCLUDING RELOPTIONS**, which is used together with the  **WITH**  clause in the source table. As a result, a syntax conflict occurs.

Solution: Do not use  **INCLUDING RELOPTIONS**  together with the  **WITH**  clause in the source table. Use either of them because both storage parameters will be copied to a new table. "

GAUSS-00318: "array of serial is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The column type in the  **CREATE TABLE**  or  **ALTER TABLE**  syntax is a serial array, causing an error.

Solution: Ensure that the column type is not a serial array.

GAUSS-00319: "conflicting NULL/NOT NULL declarations for column '%s' of table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The non-null column names specified in the  **CREATE TABLE**  or  **ALTER TABLE**  syntax are in conflict with the null column names specified in the constraint clause.

Solution: Ensure that the null column names specified in the constraint clause are consistent with the column names specified in the column name list.

GAUSS-00320: "multiple default values specified for column '%s' of table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple names are specified for a column in the constraint clause of the  **CREATE TABLE**  or  **ALTER TABLE**  syntax.

Solution: Specify only one name for a column.

