# GAUSS-02141 -- GAUSS-02150<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073188"></a>

GAUSS-02141: "port1 value is out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The specified  **port1**  value is out of range.

Solution: Adjust the  **port**  value in the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02143: "control\_port1 value is out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02144: "type value is incorrect, specify 'coordinator or 'datanode'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The specified type is incorrect. The specified type must be either the  **coordinator**  type or  **datanode**  type.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02145: "incorrect option: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The specified option is incorrect.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02146: "PGXC node %s: cannot be a primary node, it has to be a Datanode"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Failed to specify the CN as the primary node by executing the  **CREATE NODE**  or  **ALTER NODE**  statement.

Solution: Do not specify the CN as the primary node.

GAUSS-02147: "PGXC node %s: cannot be a preferred node, it has to be a Datanode"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The preferred node must be a DN, not a CN.

Solution: Do not specify the CN as the primary node.

GAUSS-02148: "PGXC node %s: Node type not specified"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs.  **with option**  of the** CREATE NODE**  statement does not contain a  **type**  field.

Solution: Modify the statement.

GAUSS-02149: "Please choose different node name."

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: Failed to generate the unique node ID for the node name specified by the  **CREATE NODE**  statement in  **HASH**  mode.

Solution: Modify the specified node name.

