# GAUSS-00631 -- GAUSS-00640<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073340"></a>

GAUSS-00631: "sha256-password encryption failed."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: SHA256 failed to be encrypted.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00633: "Password must contain at least %d upper characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: The password must contain the uppercase letters with quantity specified by the GUC parameter  **password\_min\_uppercase**.

Solution: Add uppercase letters to the password to meet the parameter requirements.

GAUSS-00634: "Password must contain at least %d lower characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: The password must contain the lowercase letters with quantity specified by the GUC parameter  **password\_min\_lowercase**.

Solution: Add lowercase letters to the password to meet the parameter requirements.

GAUSS-00635: "Password must contain at least %d digital characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: The password must contain the digits with quantity specified by the GUC parameter  **password\_min\_digital**.

Solution: Add digits to the password to meet the parameter requirements.

GAUSS-00636: "Password must contain at least %d special characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: The password must contain the special characters with quantity specified by the GUC parameter  **password\_min\_special**.

Solution: Add special characters to the password to meet the parameter requirements.

GAUSS-00637: "Password must contain at least three kinds of characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: Less than three character types are contained in the password.

Solution: 1. The password contains at least eight characters. 2. The password cannot be the same as the username. 3. The password contains at least three of the following character types: uppercase characters, lowercase characters, digits, and special characters \(limited to including: \~!@\#$ %^&\*\(\)-\_=+\\|\[\{\}\];:,<.\>/?. "

GAUSS-00638: "The parameter roleID of CheckPasswordComplexity is NULL"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:  **roleid**  is null. Password complexity checking fails.

Solution: Ensure that  **roleid**  is not null.

GAUSS-00639: "The parameter newPasswd of CheckPasswordComplexity is NULL"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The new password is null. Password complexity checking fails.

Solution: Enter the password again.

GAUSS-00640: "Password should not equal to the rolname."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The new password and the username are the same.

Solution: Ensure that the password is not the same as the username. Reset the password.

