# GAUSS-02291 -- GAUSS-02300<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073540"></a>

GAUSS-02291: "cursor '%s' has multiple FOR UPDATE/SHARE references to table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 24000

Description: Multiple cursors are defined for the table.

Solution: Check whether the cursor is repeatedly defined in the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02292: "cursor '%s' does not have a FOR UPDATE/SHARE reference to table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 24000

Description: In SQL statements containing  **CURRENT OF**  and  **UPDATE**, the  **UPDATE/SHARE**  syntax for the table is not defined.

Solution: Check whether the update/share operation has been properly defined for the table. Alternatively, check whether the optimizer works properly.

GAUSS-02294: "cursor '%s' is not a simply updatable scan of table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 24000

Description: Failed to find the corresponding scan nodes by executing query statements containing the  **CURRENT OF**  syntax and not containing the  **UPDATE**  syntax.

Solution: Check whether the operation syntax is properly defined in the SQL statement. Alternatively, check whether the optimizer works properly.

GAUSS-02295: "type of parameter %d \(%s\) does not match that when preparing the plan \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The parameter type returned during execution is inconsistent with that of expressions described in the execution plan.

Solution: 1. Check whether the types of expression parameters in the SQL statements are consistent. 2. Check the executable code to ensure that the parameter attribute is correct. "

GAUSS-02296: "no value found for parameter %d"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02297: "LIMIT subplan failed to run backwards"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description: The  **NULL**  is returned in advance when the backward scan is performed on the  **LIMIT**  lower-layer operator.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02298: "impossible LIMIT state: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX006

Description: The LIMIT state is incorrect.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02299: "OFFSET must not be negative"

SQLSTATE: 2201X

Description: The  **OFFSET count**  value is an invalid negative value.

Solution: Change the  **count**  value to a value greater than or equal to 0.

GAUSS-02300: "LIMIT must not be negative"

SQLSTATE: 2201W

Description: The  **LIMIT count**  value is an invalid negative value.

Solution: Change the  **count**  value to a value greater than or equal to 0.

