# GAUSS-02951 -- GAUSS-02960<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073577"></a>

GAUSS-02951: "invalid backend encoding: encoding max length < 1"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02952: "could not determine which collation to use for string comparison"

SQLSTATE: 42P22

Description: The parser cannot parse the implicit conversion mode.

Solution: Check whether multiple collations are compared in the current string.

GAUSS-02953: "could not convert string to UTF-16: error code %lu"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to convert the string to the UTF-16 format.

Solution: Solve the issue based on the error code.

GAUSS-02954: "could not compare Unicode strings: %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to convert the string to the Unicode format.

Solution: Correct the string error.

GAUSS-02955: "index %d out of valid range, 0..%d"

SQLSTATE: 2202E

Description: The entered index value is out of the length range of the bytea string.

Solution: Ensure that the index value is within the valid length range of a bytea string.

GAUSS-02956: "invalid name syntax"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: Failed to divide strings into delimited string groups.

Solution: Check the input strings.

GAUSS-02957: "regular expression failed: %s"

SQLSTATE: 2201B

Description: An error occurs because a queried string is empty or an incorrect querying mode is used.

Solution: Check the input parameter for querying the string.

GAUSS-02958: "field position must be greater than zero"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The field position is less than 1.

Solution: The field position must be greater than 0 and at least be 1.

GAUSS-02959: "string\_agg\_transfn called in non-aggregate context"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02960: "could not determine data type of concat\(\) input"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

