# GAUSS-00401 -- GAUSS-00410<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073290"></a>

GAUSS-00401: "access method 'psort' does not support index expressions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **psort**  is specified for the  **INDEX**  clause in the  **CREATE INDEX**  or  **ALTER TABLE**  syntax, the  **INDEX**  clause contains an expression.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the expression does not exist.

GAUSS-00402: "Partition key value can not be null"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When a partitioned table is to be created, the partition key value specified using  **PARTATION BY RANGE \(partition\_key\)\(range\_partition\_definition\_list\)**  is null.

Solution: Ensure that the partition key value is valid.

GAUSS-00403: "partition key value must be const or const-evaluable expression"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When a partitioned table is to be created, the partition key value specified using  **PARTATION BY RANGE \(partition\_key\)\(range\_partition\_definition\_list\)**  is not measurable.

Solution: Ensure that the specified value is a measurable constant or a constant expression.

GAUSS-00404: "argument name '%s' used more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Duplicate parameter names.

Solution: Rename the parameter.

GAUSS-00405: "positional argument cannot follow named argument"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The positional parameter follows behind a named parameter.

Solution: Change the parameter position.

GAUSS-00406: "%s\(\*\) specified, but %s is not an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: %s\(\*\) is specified, but function is not an aggregate one.

Solution: Select a valid aggregate function.

GAUSS-00407: "DISTINCT specified, but %s is not an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:  **DISTINCT**  is specified, but the function is not an aggregate one.

Solution: Select a valid aggregate function.

GAUSS-00408: "ORDER BY specified, but %s is not an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:  **GROUP BY**  is specified, but the function is not an aggregate one.

Solution: Select a valid aggregate function.

GAUSS-00409: "OVER specified, but %s is not a window function nor an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description:  **OVER**  is specified, but the function is not a window or aggregate one.

Solution: Select a valid window or aggregate function.

GAUSS-00410: "function %s is not unique"

SQLSTATE: 42725

Description: The function is not unique.

Solution: Specify the parameter type and select an optimum function based on the parameter type.

