# GAUSS-00951 -- GAUSS-00960<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073067"></a>

GAUSS-00951: "COST must be positive"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The value of  **COST**  must be a positive number.

Solution: Ensure that the value of  **COST**  is a positive number.

GAUSS-00952: "ROWS must be positive"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The value of  **ROWS**  must be a positive number.

Solution: Ensure that the value of  **ROWS**  is a positive number.

GAUSS-00953: "only one AS item needed for language '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: Only one AS clause is required.

Solution: Ensure that only one AS clause exists.

GAUSS-00954: "language '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The language does not exist.

Solution: Check the function definition and ensure that the language type of the function is supported by the database, such as PL/pgSQL and SQL.

GAUSS-00955: "only system admin can define a leakproof function"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Only the system administrator can define a leakproof function.

Solution: Create a leakproof function as a system administrator.

GAUSS-00957: "function result type cannot be a view."

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The return type of the function cannot be a view.

Solution: Check the function definition, and do not use a view as the return type of the function.

GAUSS-00958: "ROWS is not applicable when function does not return a set"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description:  **ROWS**  is specified, but the function does not return a result set. 

Solution: Specify  **ROWS**  only for functions that return result sets.

GAUSS-00959: "cache lookup failed for pg\_aggregate tuple for function %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The required aggregate function is not found in the  **pg\_aggregate**  system catalog.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00960: "function %u doesn't return OPAQUE"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The function return type is not opaque.

Solution: Check whether the function return type is correct.

