# GAUSS-00571 -- GAUSS-00580<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073242"></a>

GAUSS-00571: "unrecognized DISCARD target: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00572: "function '%s' was not called by trigger manager"

SQLSTATE: 39P01

Description: A function is not invoked by the trigger manager.

Solution: Ensure that the function is invoked as an AFTER row trigger.

GAUSS-00573: "function '%s' must be fired AFTER ROW"

SQLSTATE: 39P01

Description: A function is invoked before an AFTER row trigger is triggered.

Solution: Ensure that the function is invoked after the AFTER row trigger is triggered.

GAUSS-00574: "function '%s' must be fired for INSERT or UPDATE"

SQLSTATE: 39P01

Description: A trigger is not triggered by the  **INSERT/UPDATE**  statement.

Solution: Ensure that the trigger is triggered by the  **INSERT/UPDATE**  statement.

GAUSS-00575: "Permission denied to create role with option UNENCRYPTED."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An error occurs when  **UNENCRYPTED**  is specified for  **CREATE ROLE**.

Solution: Encrypt the password.

GAUSS-00579: "Permission denied to create role."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You have no permission to create users.

Solution: Check user permissions. For permissions to create users, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121098.md](en-us_topic_0237121098.md).

GAUSS-00580: "Separation of privileges is used,user can't be created because of too many privileges."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The permissions specified for users exceed the limit during privilege separation.

Solution: Ensure that the permissions specified for users do not exceed the limit during privilege separation.

