# GAUSS-01221 -- GAUSS-01230<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073301"></a>

GAUSS-01221: "Column Store unsupport CHECK constraint"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Currently, column storage does not support the check constraint.

Solution: Delete the check constraint.

GAUSS-01222: "cannot copy to view '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data to a view.

Solution: Do not copy data to a view.

GAUSS-01223: "cannot copy to foreign table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data to a foreign table.

Solution: Do not copy data to a foreign table.

GAUSS-01224: "cannot copy to sequence '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data to a sequence.

Solution: Do not copy data to a sequence.

GAUSS-01225: "cannot copy to non-table relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data to a non-table relation.

Solution: Do not copy data to a non-table relation.

GAUSS-01226: "invalid COPY file header \(COPY SEND\)"

SQLSTATE: 22P04

Description: The copy file header is invalid.

Solution: The file is damaged. Check it.

GAUSS-01227: "Copy failed on a Datanode"

SQLSTATE: 08000

Description: Failed to import data.

Solution: Check logs on DNs to identify the error type and take required measures.

GAUSS-01228: "Missing data when batch insert compressed data !"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Data is lost while compressed data is imported to a row-store table.

Solution: Run  **ALTER TABLE**  to disable the compression feature of the row-store table and import the data again.

GAUSS-01229: "Non-shippable ROW triggers not supported with COPY"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Row triggers are used in  **COPY**.

Solution: Do not use row triggers in  **COPY**.

GAUSS-01230: "could not open file '%s' for reading: %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to open a file.

Solution: The file does not exist, the user does not have permission, or the disk space is full. Identify the cause and resolve the problem.

