# GAUSS-01511 -- GAUSS-01520<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073038"></a>

GAUSS-01511: "nested ALTER EXTENSION is not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **ALTER EXTENSION UPDATE**  is executed for multiple times within a transaction.

Solution: Execute the statement only once within a transaction.

GAUSS-01513: "%s is already a member of extension '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION ADD**  execution, the object to be added is already a member of the extension. During  **CREATE EXTENSION**  execution, a specific object created in the extension SQL script is already a member of other extensions. "

Solution: Add an object that is not a member of the extension. Ensure that all objects created in the extension SQL script are not members of other extensions. "

GAUSS-01514: "cannot add schema '%s' to extension '%s' because the schema contains the extension"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION ADD**  execution, the added schema is the one that contains the extension.

Solution: Add a schema that does not contain the extension.

GAUSS-01515: "%s is not a member of extension '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION DROP**  execution, the object to be deleted is not a member of the extension.

Solution: Delete an object that is a member of the extension.

GAUSS-01517: "cache lookup failed for extension %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01518: "no security label providers have been loaded"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **SECURITY LABEL**  execution, no related extensions are loaded.

Solution: Before executing the statement, load related extensions.

GAUSS-01519: "must specify provider when multiple security label providers have been loaded"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **SECURITY LABEL**  execution, no security labels are specified.

Solution: Before executing the statement, specify security labels.

GAUSS-01520: "security label provider '%s' is not loaded"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: During  **SECURITY LABEL**  execution, the specified security label is not loaded.

Solution: Before executing the statement, only specify security lables that can be loaded.

