# GAUSS-00971 -- GAUSS-00980<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073295"></a>

GAUSS-00971: "cast function must not be an aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The function is an aggregate function.

Solution: Ensure that the CAST function is not an aggregate function.

GAUSS-00972: "cast function must not be a window function"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The function is a window function.

Solution: Ensure that the function is not a window function.

GAUSS-00973: "cast function must not return a set"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The function returns a result set.

Solution: Ensure that the CAST function does not return a result set.

GAUSS-00974: "must be system admin to create a cast WITHOUT FUNCTION"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The  **WITHOUT FUNCTION**  attribute of the CAST function can be specified only by the system administrator.

Solution: Specify the  **WITHOUT FUNCTION**  attribute as a system administrator while creating the CAST function.

GAUSS-00975: "source and target data types are not physically compatible"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The source and target data types are not physically compatible. \(Physical compatibility means source and target data types of  **typlen**,  **typbyval**, and  **typalign**  in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog are the same.\)

Solution: Ensure that the source and target data types are physically compatible.

GAUSS-00976: "composite data types are not binary-compatible"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The composite data type is not binary-compatible and cannot be converted.

Solution: While creating a CAST function, do not use the composite data type as the source or target data type.

GAUSS-00977: "enum data types are not binary-compatible"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The enum data type is not binary-compatible and cannot be converted.

Solution: While creating a CAST function, do not use the enum data type as the source or target data type.

GAUSS-00978: "array data types are not binary-compatible"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The array data type is not binary-compatible and cannot be converted.

Solution: While creating a CAST function, do not use the array data type as the source or target data type.

GAUSS-00979: "domain data types must not be marked binary-compatible"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The domain data types are not binary-compatible and cannot be converted.

Solution: While creating a CAST function, do not use the domain data type as the source or target data type.

GAUSS-00980: "source data type and target data type are the same"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The source and target data types are the same.

Solution: While creating a CAST, ensure that the source and target data types are different.

