# GAUSS-02301 -- GAUSS-02310<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073467"></a>

GAUSS-02301: "frame starting offset must not be null"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: The  **start offset**  specified by the window frame clause is  **NULL**.

Solution: Check the SQL statement to ensure that the  **start offset**  in the frame clause is not  **NULL**.

GAUSS-02302: "frame starting offset must not be negative"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The  **start offset**  specified by the window frame clause is negative.

Solution: Check the SQL statement to ensure that the  **start offset**  in the frame clause is not negative.

GAUSS-02303: "frame ending offset must not be null"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: The  **ending offset**  specified by the window frame clause is  **NULL**.

Solution: Check the SQL statement to ensure that the  **ending offset**  in the frame clause is not  **NULL**.

GAUSS-02304: "frame ending offset must not be negative"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The  **ending offset**  specified by the window frame clause is negative.

Solution: Check the SQL statement to ensure that the  **ending offset**  in the frame clause is not negative.

GAUSS-02306: "WindowFunc with winref %u assigned to WindowAgg with winref %u"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: A plan error occurs. The sequence number of  **WindowFunc**  does not match that in  **WindowAgg**.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02307: "aggregate %u needs to have compatible input type and transition type"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The type of the input parameter or the intermediate data is incompatible with the aggregate function.

Solution: Modify the type of the input parameter or intermediate data.

GAUSS-02308: "cannot fetch row before WindowObject's mark position"

SQLSTATE: 22P08

Description: Internal execution logic error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02309: "cannot move WindowObject's mark position backward"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Internal execution logic error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02310: "specified position is out of window: "

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal execution logic error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

