# GAUSS-01271 -- GAUSS-01280<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073432"></a>

GAUSS-01271: "non-partitioned table does not support local partitioned indexes "

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Local partitioned indexes cannot be created in non-partitioned tables.

Solution: To create a partitioned index in local mode, rebuild the base table as a partitioned table.

If you do not need to create a partitioned index in local mode, delete the  **local**  parameter from  **Create unique index...local**.

GAUSS-01274: "cannot create index on foreign table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Indexes cannot be created on foreign tables.

Solution: Do not create indexes on foreign tables.

GAUSS-01275: "cannot create indexes on temporary tables of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Indexes cannot be created on temporary tables of other sessions.

Solution: Do not create indexes on temporary tables of other sessions.

GAUSS-01276: "when creating partitioned index, get table partitions failed"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain partitioned tables during the creation of partitioned indexes.

Solution: Check whether the partition definition of partitioned tables is correct. If it is not, rebuild partitioned tables.

GAUSS-01278: "number of partitions of LOCAL index must equal that of the underlying table"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The number of partitions in a partitioned table is smaller than the number of partitioned indexes.

Solution: Rebuild the partitioned table to ensure that the number of partitions is equal to the number of partitioned indexes.

GAUSS-01279: "unique index columns must contain the partition key"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The unique index columns do not contain a partition key.

Solution: Ensure that the unique index columns contain a partition key.

GAUSS-01280: "unique index columns must contain the partition key and collation must be default collation"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The unique index columns do not contain a partition key.

Solution: Ensure that the unique index columns contain a partition key and the default sorting mode is used.

