# GAUSS-00511 -- GAUSS-00520<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072908"></a>

GAUSS-00511: "source database '%s' is being accessed by other users"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: The database is being accessed by other users.

Solution: If it is accessed by other users, data is inconsistent. In this case, deny access by other users and log in to the database again.

GAUSS-00512: "encoding '%s' does not match locale '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The character encoding specified by the currently created database does not match that obtained from a specified character type.

Solution: Ensure that the character encoding specified by the currently created database matches that obtained from a specified character type. If they are inconsistent, specify them to be the same when creating data again.

GAUSS-00513: "database '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 3D000

Description: When the  **DROP DATABASE**  syntax is used to delete a database, this database does not exist or is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the deleted database is a valid one.

GAUSS-00514: "cannot drop a template database"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Attempting to delete the template database  **template0**  or  **template1**  is an invalid operation.

Solution: Specify a database to be deleted again because the default template database  **template0**  or  **template1**  cannot be deleted.

GAUSS-00515: "cannot drop the currently open database"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: The database to be deleted is being accessed by other users and cannot be deleted.

Solution: Ensure that the database to be deleted is not being accessed by other users and instruct the users to log out of the database and then delete the database again.

GAUSS-00516: "cannot drop the default database"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Invalid operation to delete the default database  **postgres**.

Solution: Do not delete the default database  **postgres**.

GAUSS-00517: "database '%s' is being accessed by other users"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: The database is being accessed by other users.

Solution: If it is accessed by other users, data is inconsistent. In this case, deny access by other users and delete the database again.

GAUSS-00519: "permission denied to rename database"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You do not have permission to change the database name.

Solution: Change the database name as a database owner or an administrator user.

GAUSS-00520: "current database cannot be renamed"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The name of a database in use cannot be changed.

Solution: Do not change the name of the database in use.

