# GAUSS-01141 -- GAUSS-01150<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073505"></a>

GAUSS-01141: "datanode statement '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 26000

Description: The  **EXECUTE DIRECT**  syntax does not contain the specified DN information.

Solution: Specify the DN information in the  **EXECUTE DIRECT**  syntax.

GAUSS-01142: "must be system admin to create procedural language '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user creates a stored procedure language.

Solution: Create a stored procedure language as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01143: "function %s must return type 'language\_handler'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The return value of a stored procedure language is incorrect.

Solution: Change the language type to  **language\_handler**.

GAUSS-01144: "unsupported language '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The stored procedure language is not supported.

Solution: View  **pg\_pltemplate**  and use a language existing in the list.

GAUSS-01145: "must be system admin to create custom procedural language"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user creates a stored procedure language.

Solution: Create a stored procedure language as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01146: "language '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The language already exists.

Solution: View  **pg\_language**  to check whether the language exists.

GAUSS-01147: "cache lookup failed for language %u"

SQLSTATE: 22P06

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01148: "COPY BINARY is not supported to stdout or from stdin"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The binary data cannot be copied to the standard input GUI or from the standard output GUI.

Solution: Do not copy binary data to the standard input GUI or from the standard output GUI.

GAUSS-01149: "could not write to COPY file: %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Data cannot be copied to a specified file.

Solution: Ensure that you have permission to access the specified file.

GAUSS-01150: "connection lost during COPY to stdout"

SQLSTATE: 08006

Description: The connection is lost during the copy operation.

Solution: Ensure that the network communication between the client and the server is normal.

