# GAUSS-00531 -- GAUSS-00540<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073244"></a>

GAUSS-00531: "tablespace location must be an absolute path"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: When the  **CREATE TABLESPACE tablespace\_name ...LOCATION**  syntax is used to specify a tablespace directory, the location information strings indicate an incorrect path.

Solution: Specify an absolute path using the location information string.

GAUSS-00532: "tablespace location '%s' is too long"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: When the  **CREATE TABLESPACE tablespace\_name...LOCATION**  syntax is used to specify the length of a tablespace directory, the length value of the tablespace directory is greater than 1024.

Solution: Change the length value of the tablespace directory to a value less than or equal to 1024.

GAUSS-00533: "unacceptable tablespace name '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42939

Description: When the  **CREATE TABLESPACE tablespace\_name**  syntax is used to create a tablespace, the tablespace name is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the tablespace name is unique in the database and does not start with  **pg**  which is used to name system tablespaces.

GAUSS-00534: "tablespace '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The tablespace name already exists.

Solution: Run  **\\db**  to check whether the tablespace name exists. If yes, rename the tablespace.

GAUSS-00535: "tablespaces are not supported on this platform"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Tablespaces are not supported.

Solution: Do not use tablespaces.

GAUSS-00536: "Tablespace '%s' does not exist."

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The tablespace deleted using  **DROP TABLESPACE**  does not exist.

Solution: Run  **\\db**  to check whether the tablespace name exists. Only tablespaces that exist in the database can be deleted.

GAUSS-00537: "tablespace '%s' is used by partitioned table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Invalid operation to delete the tablespace used by a partitioned table.

Solution: Do not delete the tablespace that has been used by a partitioned table.

GAUSS-00538: "tablespace '%s' is not empty"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The tablespace to be deleted is not empty.

Solution: Delete a tablespace only when it is empty.

GAUSS-00539: "directory '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 58P01

Description: When creating a tablespace, the tablespace directory  **$PGDATA/pg\_tblspc/**  does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the tablespace directory  **$PGDATA/pg\_tblspc/**  exists before creating a tablespace. If the directory does not exist, restart the database or a single node.

GAUSS-00540: "could not set permissions on directory '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When creating a tablespace, read, write, and execute permissions failed to be set for the tablespace directory  **$PGDATA/pg\_tblspc/**.

Solution: Perform the following operations to resolve the problems: 1. Ensure that the current user is an administrator user or has the database creation permission. 2. Change the file system permissions to read and write permissions if the file system is read-only. 3. Do not create a tablespace if the tablespace directory exists.

