# GAUSS-03321 -- GAUSS-03330<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073321"></a>

GAUSS-03321: "invalid multibyte character for locale"

SQLSTATE: 22021

Description: The character to be converted is a multi-byte character. The locale specified by  **LC\_CTYPE locale**  on the server is incompatible with the encoding of the database.

Solution: Change the server locale.

GAUSS-03322: "unsupported XML feature"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The XML feature is not supported.

Solution: Do not use XML feature-related functions.

GAUSS-03323: "invalid XML comment"

SQLSTATE: 2200S

Description: The XML comment is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the XML comment format is  **<--  ... --\>**.

GAUSS-03324: "not an XML document"

SQLSTATE: 2200L

Description: The input XML document in the  **xmltotext**  function is invalid.

Solution: Correct the XML data.

GAUSS-03325: "invalid XML processing instruction"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The XML processing instruction \(PI\) is invalid. The target name should not be  **xml**  \(case insensitive\).

Solution: Change the target name of PI in the XML document.

GAUSS-03326: "invalid XML processing instruction"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The XML processing instruction \(PI\) is invalid. The target name should not be  **xml**  \(case insensitive\).

Solution: Change the target name of PI in the XML document.

GAUSS-03327: "xmlvalidate is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The  **XMLVALIDATE**  function is not implemented.

Solution: Do not use the  **XMLVALIDATE**  function.

GAUSS-03328: "could not initialize XML library"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: A system error occurs. Failed to initialize the XML library.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03329: "could not set up XML error handler"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A system error occurs. Failed to set the XML error handler.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03330: "xml\_ereport called with invalid PgXmlErrorContext"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

