# GAUSS-04401 -- GAUSS-04410<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073549"></a>

GAUSS-04401: "The local index %u on the partition %u not exist."

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: When partitions and indexes are concurrently dropped, an index dropped with a partition may not exist when  **drop index**  is executed.

Solution: Adjust concurrency control.

GAUSS-04403: "Can only access temp objects of the current session."

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Accessing temporary objects in other sessions is not allowed.

Solution: Access only the temporary objects in the local session.

GAUSS-04404: "cache lookup failed for role %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04405: "temp relation is invalid because of cluster resizing"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The original temporary table becomes invalid after scale-out or scale-in.

Solution:

1.  Exit the current session, reconnect to the session, and create a temporary table. 
2.  Use  **DROP SCHEMA **_%s_  and  _%s_** CASCADE**  to delete the temporary schema and recreate a temporary table.

GAUSS-04407: "Not allowed to insert into relation pg\_auth\_history."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:  **pg\_auth\_history**  is used to audit username and password changes. Related changes are recorded only when the username and password in  **pg\_authid**  are changed. Any changes on the record will affect the auditing.

Solution: Do not use the  **INSERT INTO**  statement to insert records into  **pg\_auth\_history**.

GAUSS-04408: "do not support create non-temp table like temp table"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When a common table is created, the  **LIKE**  temporary table syntax is used. This method is not supported.

Solution: Do not use the  **LIKE**  temporary table syntax to create a non-temporary table. If you want to use it, specify the to-be-created table as a temporary table.

