# GAUSS-01381 -- GAUSS-01390<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073335"></a>

GAUSS-01381: "'%s' is a view"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Row-level BEFORE, AFTER trigger, or TRUNCATE triggers are defined on views.

Solution: Define only INSTEAD OF triggers on views.

GAUSS-01382: "'%s' is not a table or view"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Triggers are not defined on tables and views.

Solution: Define triggers only on tables and views.

GAUSS-01383: "TRUNCATE FOR EACH ROW triggers are not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Row-level TRUNCATE triggers are defined.

Solution: Do not define row-level TRUNCATE triggers.

GAUSS-01385: "INSTEAD OF triggers cannot have WHEN conditions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **WHEN**  clauses are added to INSTEAD OF triggers.

Solution: Do not add  **WHEN**  clauses to INSTEAD OF triggers.

GAUSS-01386: "INSTEAD OF triggers cannot have column lists"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: INSTEAD OF triggers are defined on the columns of tables.

Solution: Do not define INSTEAD OF triggers on the columns of tables.

GAUSS-01387: "cannot use subquery in trigger WHEN condition"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A subquery is used in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

Solution: Do not use a subquery in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

GAUSS-01388: "cannot use aggregate function in trigger WHEN condition"

SQLSTATE: 42803

Description: An aggregate function is used in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

Solution: Do not use an aggregate function in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

GAUSS-01389: "cannot use window function in trigger WHEN condition"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: A window function is used in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

Solution: Do not use a window function in the  **WHEN**  clause for triggers.

GAUSS-01390: "statement trigger's WHEN condition cannot reference column values"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: Column values are quoted in the  **WHEN**  clause for statement triggers.

Solution: Do not quote column values in the  **WHEN**  clause for statement triggers.

