# GAUSS-02961 -- GAUSS-02970<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072895"></a>

GAUSS-02961: "unterminated conversion specifier"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The formatted string does not have a terminator.

Solution: Check whether the formatted string is correct.

GAUSS-02962: "argument number is out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: Excessive parameters for schema matching exist. The number of parameters is out of range.

Solution: Redefine the string for schema matching and reduce the number of parameters.

GAUSS-02964: "too few arguments for format"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The number of parameters is insufficient.

Solution: Ensure that the number of formatted strings matches the number of formatted variables.

GAUSS-02965: "unrecognized conversion specifier '%c'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The mode used for converting text to string is incorrect.

Solution: Check the mode used of converting text to string. The value can only be '%s', '%I', or '%L'.

GAUSS-02966: "null values cannot be formatted as an SQL identifier"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: When '%I' is used to convert text to string, the input data cannot be  **NULL**.

Solution: Check whether the conversion mode is correct.

GAUSS-02969: "invalid Datum pointer"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: The input data cannot be empty.

Solution: Check the input data.

GAUSS-02970: "invalid typLen: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

