# GAUSS-00891 -- GAUSS-00900<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073049"></a>

GAUSS-00891: "source partitions must be at least two partitions"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When  **MergePartition**  is run, the number of raw partitions is less than two.

Solution: Do not merge partitions when the number of raw partitions is no less than 2.

GAUSS-00892: "merge partitions of relation '%s', source partitions must be no more than %d partitions"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The number of partitions to be merged exceeds the maximum.

Solution: Reduce the partitions to be merged.

GAUSS-00893: "merge partitions cannot process inusable index relation \\''%s\\''"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When  **MergePartition**  is run, the table contains an unusable local index.

Solution: Ensure that the local index is usable before merging partitions.

GAUSS-00895: "source partitions must be continuous and in ascending order of boundary"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When  **MergePartition**  is run, raw partitions do not meet the requirements on continuity and boundary values listed in ascending order.

Solution: Run this statement when raw partitions meet the requirements.

GAUSS-00896: "target partition's name '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: When  **MergePartition**  is run, the name of a target partition already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the name of the target partition is unique.

GAUSS-00898: "could not acquire AccessExclusiveLock on dest table partition '%s', MERGE PARTITIONS failed"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain the exclusive lock of merged partitions.

Solution: Do not perform other operations than merging partitions.

GAUSS-00899: "Specified partition does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: When  **ExchangePartition**  is run, the specified partition does not exist.

Solution: Run this statement after confirming the name of the specified partition.

