# GAUSS-03581 -- GAUSS-03590<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072885"></a>

GAUSS-03581: "not enough shared memory for pg\_lsnxlogflushchk share memory"

SQLSTATE: 53200

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03582: "transaction identifier '%s' is too long"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The transaction identifier parameter is too long.

Solution: Check the input parameter and perform the prepare transaction operation again.

GAUSS-03583: "prepared transactions are disabled"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The configuration item  **max\_prepared\_transactions**  is set to  **0**.

Solution: Set the configuration item  **max\_prepared\_transactions**  to a value other than  **0**.

GAUSS-03584: "transaction identifier '%s' is already in use"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The transaction identifier parameter is in use.

Solution: Check the input parameter and perform the prepare transaction operation again.

GAUSS-03585: "maximum number of prepared transactions reached"

SQLSTATE: 53200

Description: The value of the configuration item  **max\_prepared\_transactions**  is small.

Solution: Set the configuration item  **max\_prepared\_transactions**  to a rational value or submit and roll back some transactions.

GAUSS-03586: "prepared transaction with identifier '%s' is busy"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The transaction identifier parameter is in use.

Solution: Perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03587: "permission denied to finish prepared transaction"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The permission is incorrect. 

Solution: Terminate the prepared transactions as a transaction initiator or an administrator.

GAUSS-03588: "prepared transaction belongs to another database"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Failed to connect the database.

Solution: Ensure that the database is correct and connect to the database again.

GAUSS-03589: "prepared transaction with identifier '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The transaction identifier parameter does not exist.

Solution: Check the parameter input and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03590: "failed to find %p in GlobalTransaction array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

