# GAUSS-01321 -- GAUSS-01330<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072979"></a>

GAUSS-01321: "nextval: reached minimum value of sequence '%s' \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The minimum sequence value is reached.

Solution: Internal system error. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01323: "lastval is not yet defined in this session"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The  **LASTVAL**  of the sequence is not defined in this session.

Solution: Ensure that the  **LASTVAL**  of the sequence is defined in this session.

GAUSS-01324: "setval: value %s is out of bounds for sequence '%s' \(%s..%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The configured sequence value is out of the valid range.

Solution: Ensure that the configured sequence value is within the range.

GAUSS-01325: "GTM error, could not obtain sequence value"

SQLSTATE: 08006

Description: A GTM error occurs, resulting in a failure in obtaining the sequence value.

Solution: Run  **gs\_om -t status --detail**  to check GTM status. If the GTM is abnormal, troubleshoot it as described in the  _Troubleshooting Guide_  and create a sequence again.

GAUSS-01326: "bad magic number in sequence '%s': %08X"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal system error. The magic number in the opened sequence table is different from expected.

Solution: The sequence table may be abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01327: "INCREMENT must not be zero"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Ensure that the increment in the sequence is not 0.

Solution: The increment in the sequence cannot be 0.

GAUSS-01328: "MINVALUE \(%s\) must be less than MAXVALUE \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The minimum sequence value must be less than the maximum value.

Solution: Ensure that the minimum sequence value is less than the maximum value.

GAUSS-01329: "START value \(%s\) cannot be less than MINVALUE \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The minimum sequence value must be less than the maximum value.

Solution: Ensure that the initial sequence value is greater than or equal to the minimum value.

GAUSS-01330: "START value \(%s\) cannot be greater than MAXVALUE \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The initial sequence value cannot be greater than the maximum value.

Solution: Ensure that the initial sequence value is less than the maximum value.

