# GAUSS-00411 -- GAUSS-00420<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073488"></a>

GAUSS-00411: "function %s does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The function does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the required function has been defined.

GAUSS-00412: "%s\(\*\) must be used to call a parameterless aggregate function"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When a function or expression is created as an aggregate function, the function parameters are empty but not asterisks \(\*\).

Solution: Use asterisks \(\*\) if the function parameters are empty.

GAUSS-00413: "aggregates cannot return sets"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: When a function or expression is created as an aggregate function, this function returns a set.

Solution: Check the function return type and ensure that no sets can be returned.

GAUSS-00414: "aggregates cannot use named arguments"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When a function or expression is called as an aggregate function, this function uses parameter names.

Solution: Use valid values instead of parameter names when calling an aggregate function.

GAUSS-00415: "window function call requires an OVER clause"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When a function or expression is called as a window function, the  **OVER**  clause is not defined.

Solution: Define the  **OVER**  clause.

GAUSS-00416: "DISTINCT is not implemented for window functions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When a function or expression is called as a window function, this window function contains a  **DISTINCT**  clause.

Solution: Check the syntax and delete the  **DISTINCT**  clause if any.

GAUSS-00417: "aggregate ORDER BY is not implemented for window functions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When a function or expression is called as a window function, this function contains an  **ORDER BY**  clause.

Solution: Check the syntax and delete the  **ORDER BY**  clause if any.

GAUSS-00418: "window functions cannot return sets"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: When a function or expression is created as a window function, this function returns a set.

Solution: Check the function return type and ensure that no sets can be returned.

GAUSS-00419: "window functions cannot use named arguments"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When you call a function or expression as a window function, this function uses parameter names.

Solution: Use valid values instead of parameter names when calling a window function.

GAUSS-00420: "not enough default arguments"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

