# GAUSS-02321 -- GAUSS-02330<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073471"></a>

GAUSS-02322: "attribute '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The attribute column does not exist.

Solution: Check the SQL statement based on the column names.

GAUSS-02323: "set-return function not supported in vector eninge"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The feature is not supported.

Solution: Do not use this feature.

GAUSS-02324: "functions and operators can take at most one set argument"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The feature is not supported. Only a set value is allowed in function input parameters.

Solution: Use at most one set value for function input parameters.

GAUSS-02325: "function returning setof record called in context that cannot accept type record"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The feature is not supported. The function that returns a result set fails to receive a record type.

Solution: Do not use the record type for any functions that return result sets.

GAUSS-02326: "function return row and query-specified return row do not match"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The number of tuple attributes returned by the function is inconsistent with that as expected.

Solution: Check whether the types and number of columns returned are consistent with those defined by the function.

GAUSS-02327: "table-function protocol for materialize mode was not followed"

SQLSTATE: 39P02

Description: Failed to use the function that returns a result set in the materialized mode.

Solution: Do not use the function that returns a result set in the materialized mode.

GAUSS-02328: "unrecognized table-function returnMode: %d"

SQLSTATE: 39P02

Description: Failed to recognize the return mode of the current table function.

Solution: Check whether the related code in the executor properly processes the return mode of the table function.

GAUSS-02329: "function returning set of rows cannot return null value"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: Dataset returned by the table function contains  **NULL**.

Solution: Check whether  **NULL**  is properly filtered during expression processing.

GAUSS-02330: "rows returned by function are not all of the same row type"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The tuple descriptors returned by the table function are not always the same.

Solution: Ensure the data consistency.

