# FAQs<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0241496990"></a>

## How Do I Delete Temporary Files Generated During Compilation?<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0241496977"></a>

### Question<a name="section8138144317480"></a>

How do I delete temporary files generated during compilation?

### Answer<a name="section09254965110"></a>

Go to the  **/sda/openGauss-server**  directory and run the following command to delete temporary files generated during compilation.

- Delete the files generated by  **configure**  and  **make**.

  ```
  make distclean -sj
  ```

- Delete the files generated by  **make**.

  ```
  make clean -sj
  ```

## How Do I Resolve the "Configure error: C compiler cannot create executables" Error?<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0241496984"></a>

### Question<a name="section8138144317480"></a>

How do I resolve the "Configure error: C compiler cannot create executables" error reported during version compilation?

### Answer<a name="section09254965110"></a>

Error cause: The  **binarylibs**  file is incomplete or damaged.

Solution: If  **binarylibs**  is built using open-source software, rebuild the open-source third-party software. If  **binarylibs**  is downloaded from code, download the code again. Then run the current script or command again.

## How Do I Handle the "g++: fatal error: Killed signal terminated program cclplus" Error?<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0250721950"></a>

### Question<a name="section14676321181511"></a>

How do I resolve the "g++: fatal error: Killed signal terminated program cclplus" error that occurs during compilation.

### Answer<a name="section1112815318159"></a>

Error cause: The  **-sj**  parameter is added to the compilation process in the script. The number of concurrent tasks is too large.

Solution: Reduce the number of concurrent  **make**  tasks during compilation or run the  **make**  command directly. If the one-click script is used, you need to modify the script.

## How Do I Handle the "out of memory allocating xxx bytes after a total of xxx bytes" Error?<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0251012682"></a>

### Question<a name="section1450054211918"></a>

How do I resolve the "out of memory allocating xxx bytes after a total of xxx bytes" error that occurs during compilation.

### Answer<a name="section19671565204"></a>

Error cause: The  **-sj**  parameter is added to the compilation process in the script. In addition, the machine configuration is low, the memory is insufficient, and the number of concurrent tasks is too large. As a result, an error is reported.

Solution: Reduce the number of concurrent  **make**  tasks during compilation or run the  **make**  command directly. If the one-click script is used, you need to modify the script.

