# gsql Connection and Usage<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0000001178307592"></a>

**gsql**  provided by openGauss is a database connection tool running in the CLI.  **gsql**  provides basic and advanced functions of databases to facilitate user operations. This section describes how to use gsql to connect to a local database. You need to provide a database name and a port number of the primary database node.

1.  Log in as the OS user  **omm**  to the primary node of the database.
2.  Connect to a database.

    After the database is installed, a database named  **postgres**  is generated by default. When connecting to a database for the first time, you can connect to this database.

    Run the following command to connect to the  **postgres**  database:

    ```
    gsql -d postgres -p 8000
    ```

    **postgres**  is the name of the database to be connected, and  **8000**  is the port number of the database primary node. Replace the values as required.

    If information similar to the following is displayed, the connection succeeds:

    ```
    gsql((openGauss x.x.x build f521c606) compiled at 2021-09-16 14:55:22 commit 2935 last mr 6385 release)
    Non-SSL connection (SSL connection is recommended when requiring high-security)
    Type "help" for help.
    
    openGauss=# 
    ```

    User  **omm**  is the administrator, and  *DBNAME***=\#**  is displayed. If you log in to and connect to the database as a common user,  *DBNAME***=\>**  is displayed, prompting you to enter SQL statements.

    **Non-SSL connection**  indicates that the database is not connected in SSL mode. 

3.  You are advised to change the password upon the first login to improve security. The command is as follows:

    ```
    openGauss=# ALTER ROLE omm IDENTIFIED BY 'XXXXXXXX' REPLACE 'XXXXXXXX';
    ```

4.  gsql provides advanced functions for you to use the database.

    The gsql program has some meta-commands that are not SQL commands. They begin with a backslash \(\\\). For example:

    -   You can run the following command to query the openGauss version and copyright information:

        ```
        openGauss=# \copyright
        ```

    -   You can run the following command to obtain the help syntax of various openGauss SQL commands:

        ```
        openGauss=# \h
        ```

    -   You can run the following command to query all data and description information in the openGauss:

        ```
        openGauss=# \l
        ```

5.  Exit the database.

    ```
    openGauss=# \q
    ```

    By default, a client is automatically disconnected if it remains idle for a period longer than 10 minutes \(the default value of  **session\_timeout**\) after connecting to the database.
