# Security Management and Hardening<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0000001721732857"></a>

To ensure secure communication between nodes and enhance feature security, security hardening is required. A hardened feature can effectively defend against security attacks such as decompilation and cracking, protecting user data and privacy. It can also prevent malicious behaviors such as a cracked application being manipulated by a malicious user to perform illegal activities.

## Routine Check Using Antivirus Software<a name="section18421130132517"></a>

Periodically scan clusters for viruses. This protects clusters from viruses, malicious code, spyware, and malicious programs, reducing risks such as system breakdown and information leakage. Mainstream antivirus software can be used for antivirus check.

## Log Security<a name="section967913479162"></a>

Restrictions on logs generated by the SCRLock component are as follows:

-   SCRLock logs are stored in the openGauss root path  **pg\_log**.
-   The format of the log file name is  **scrlock\_**_xxxx\_xx\_xx_**.log**  \(_xxxx\_xx\_xx_  indicates the log generation date\), for example,  **scrlock\_2023\_10\_23.log**. A new log file is generated at 02:30 a.m. every day.

## TLS Configuration<a name="section139001517169"></a>

SCRLock supports Transport Layer Security \(TLS\) authentication and encrypted transmission. 

To enable TLS authentication and encrypted transmission, you can change the value of  **ssl**  in the  **postgresql.conf**  file in the root directory of the database to  **on**.

1.  Log in to the management node as the database administrator.
2.  Open the  **postgresql.conf**  file.

    ```
    vim postgresql.conf
    ```

3.  Press  **i**  to enter the insert mode, change the values of  **ssl**  and  **ss\_enable\_ssl**  to  **on**, and configure other parameters.  **dir**  indicates the path where the certificate is stored.

    ```
    ssl = on                             #SSL switch
    ss_enable_ssl = on                   #Whether to enable the SSL mode for resource pooling
    ssl_cert_file = 'dir/server.crt'     #Absolute path to the server certificate
    ssl_key_file = 'dir/server.key'      #Absolute path to the server private key
    ssl_ca_file = 'dir/cacert.pem'       #Absolute path to the root certificate
    ```

4.  Press  **Esc**, type  **:wq!**, and press  **Enter**  to save the file and exit.

## Software Vulnerabilities<a name="section6274628161815"></a>

To ensure the security of the production environment and reduce the risk of attacks, periodically fix the following vulnerabilities:

-   OS vulnerabilities
-   OpenSSL vulnerabilities
-   Vulnerabilities in other components

