# GAUSS-00011 -- GAUSS-00020<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073502"></a>

GAUSS-00011: "hash table corrupted"

SQLSTATE: LL002

Description: The hash table is damaged.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00012: "target lists can have at most %d entries"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The number of attributes in the target list exceeds 1664.

Solution: Reduce the number of attributes in the target list.

GAUSS-00013: "cache lookup failed for type %u"

SQLSTATE: 22P06

Description: The operator is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the operator in the SQL statement is valid.

GAUSS-00014: "cannot subscript type %s because it is not an array"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: A subscript operation is performed on a non-array type.

Solution: Do not perform a subscript operation on a non-array type.

GAUSS-00015: "array subscript must have type integer"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The array subscript is incorrect.

Solution: Ensure that the array subscript is an integer.

GAUSS-00016: "array assignment requires type %s but expression is of type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: When you set variables of an array type, variables cannot be converted.

Solution: Reassign values to variables. Provide a conversion function so that variables of an array type can be converted. Obtain related information from the  **pg\_cast**  system catalog.

GAUSS-00017: "unrecognized node type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX004

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00018: "failed to find conversion function from %s to %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00020: "cache lookup failed for function %u"

SQLSTATE: 22P06

Description: The function with the corresponding ID is not found in the system catalog.

Solution: Ensure that no concurrent sessions perform a drop, cancel, or replace operation on the function.

