# GAUSS-04381 -- GAUSS-04390<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072875"></a>

GAUSS-04381: "detected write past chunk end in %s %p"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: While memory is freed up, the entered characters are verified. If the characters are incorrect, an error is reported.

Solution: PANIC level. Check memory overwriting, stop the process, and dump a core in debug mode.

GAUSS-04383: "Bucketmap is NULL"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Bucketmap is  **NULL**.

Solution: Do not perform this operation.

GAUSS-04385: "invalid name of memory context: NULL or '' "

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **NULL**  or empty characters are regarded as invalid memory context names when the function parameters are checked.

Solution: Ensure that the memory context is valid.

GAUSS-04386: "Failed to receive GTM commit transaction response for DN or other CN."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain the feedback information to notify the GTM to submit a transaction due to GTM disconnection.

Solution: Check whether the connection between the GTM and other instances is normal.

GAUSS-04387: "column '%s' needs too many memory"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The number of imported column-store records is too large.

Solution: Import the row-store records.

GAUSS-04390: "Failed to initialze NativeTarget for LLVM."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to initialize the LLVM local object during the database startup.

Solution: Restart the database.

