# GAUSS-00161 -- GAUSS-00170<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073247"></a>

GAUSS-00161: "wrong number of parameters on right side of OVERLAPS expression"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of right parameters in an overlaps function is greater than 2.

Solution: Use no more than two left parameters in an overlaps function.

GAUSS-00162: "multiple ORDER BY clauses not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple  **ORDER BY**  clauses are used in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

Solution: Use one  **ORDER BY**  clause in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

GAUSS-00163: "multiple OFFSET clauses not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple  **OFFSET**  clauses are used in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

Solution: Use one  **OFFSET**  clause in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

GAUSS-00164: "multiple LIMIT clauses not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple  **LIMIT**  clauses are used in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

Solution: Use one  **LIMIT**  clause in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

GAUSS-00165: "multiple WITH clauses not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple  **WITH**  clauses are used in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

Solution: Use one  **WITH**  clause in the  **INSERT INTO SELECT**  statement.

GAUSS-00166: "OUT and INOUT arguments aren't allowed in TABLE functions"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **OUT**  and  **INOUT**  parameters are used in table functions.

Solution: Do not use the  **OUT**  and  **INOUT**  parameters in table functions.

GAUSS-00167: "multiple COLLATE clauses not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple  **COLLATE**  clauses are specified.

Solution: Specify only one  **COLLATE**  clause.

GAUSS-00168: "unexpected node type %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00169: "%s constraints cannot be marked DEFERRABLE"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The constraint that cannot be marked with  **DEFERRABLE**  is used.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00170: "%s constraints cannot be marked NOT VALID"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The constraint that cannot be marked with  **NOT VALID**  is used.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

