# GAUSS-00741 -- GAUSS-00750<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073122"></a>

GAUSS-00741: "invalid storage type '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET STORAGE**  is run, the target data storage type is invalid.

Solution: Modify the target data storage type to a valid one.

GAUSS-00742: "column data type %s can only have storage PLAIN"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE ALTER COLUMN SET STORAGE**  is run, the column data storage type is not set to  **PLAIN**.

Solution: Set the column data storage type to  **PLAIN**.

GAUSS-00743: "cannot drop column from typed table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN**  is run, the column of a typed table cannot be deleted.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00745: "cannot drop system column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN**  is run, the column of a system catalog cannot be deleted.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00747: "cache lookup failed for attribute '%s' of relation %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the column.

Solution: The system is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00748: "relation %u has non-inherited attribute '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The inherited table does not have the corresponding inherited columns.

Solution: The system is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00749: "index '%s' is not unique"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The index related to the added unique constraint does not have the unique attribute.

Solution: The system is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00750: "constraint '%s' for relation '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description:  **ALTER TABLE ADD CONSTRAINT**  cannot be run if new constraints already exist.

Solution: Modify the new constraints.

