# GAUSS-00151 -- GAUSS-00160<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073663"></a>

GAUSS-00151: "UNIQUE predicate is not yet implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The  **UNIQUE**  clause is not implemented.

Solution: Use a clause that has been implemented.

GAUSS-00152: "RANGE PRECEDING is only supported with UNBOUNDED"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **UNBOUNDED**  is not specified when  **RANGE PRECEDING**  is used.

Solution: Specify  **UNBOUNDED**  when using  **RANGE PRECEDING**.

GAUSS-00153: "RANGE FOLLOWING is only supported with UNBOUNDED"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **UNBOUNDED**  is not specified when  **RANGE FOLLOWING**  is used.

Solution: Specify  **UNBOUNDED**  when using  **RANGE FOLLOWING**.

GAUSS-00154: "frame start cannot be UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description:  **UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING**  is specified for the frame start.

Solution: Do not set the frame start to  **UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING**.

GAUSS-00155: "frame starting from following row cannot end with current row"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The frame starts from the next row and ends in the current row.

Solution: Ensure that the frame does not end in the current row if it starts from the next row.

GAUSS-00156: "frame end cannot be UNBOUNDED PRECEDING"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description:  **UNBOUNDED PRECEDING**  is specified for the frame end.

Solution: Do not set the frame end to  **UNBOUNDED PRECEDING**.

GAUSS-00157: "frame starting from current row cannot have preceding rows"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The frame starts from the current row and ends in the previous row.

Solution: Ensure that the frame does not end in the previous row if it starts from the current row.

GAUSS-00158: "frame starting from following row cannot have preceding rows"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: The frame starts from the next row and ends in the previous row.

Solution: Ensure that the frame does not end in the previous row if it starts from the next row.

GAUSS-00159: "type modifier cannot have parameter name"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The parameter schema for the number of rows contains a parameter.

Solution: Ensure that the parameter schema for the number of rows does not contain a parameter.

GAUSS-00160: "wrong number of parameters on left side of OVERLAPS expression"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of left parameters in an overlaps function is greater than 2.

Solution: Use no more than two left parameters in an overlaps function.

