# GAUSS-02971 -- GAUSS-02980<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073125"></a>

GAUSS-02971: "value out of range: overflow"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: Overflows occur when the number of floating points exceeds the upper limit.

Solution: Ensure that the input data does not exceed the upper limit. For the data value range, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121926.md](en-us_topic_0237121926.md).

GAUSS-02972: "invalid input syntax for type real: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: The format of the string to be converted to the real type is incorrect.

Solution: Check the input data.

GAUSS-02973: "'%s' is out of range for type real"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: Overflows occur when the input string is converted to the real type.

Solution: Check the input data.

GAUSS-02974: "'%s' is out of range for type double precision"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: Overflows occur when input string is converted to the double type.

Solution: Check the input data.

GAUSS-02975: "input is out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The input is out of range.

Solution: Ensure that the returned value of the parameter that causes this error is within the range. For the data value range, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121926.md](en-us_topic_0237121926.md).

GAUSS-02976: "setseed parameter %f out of range \[-1,1\]"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **setseed\(\)**  function parameter is out of range.

Solution: Ensure that the  **setseed\(\)**  function parameter ranges from –1 to 1.

GAUSS-02978: "lower and upper bounds must be finite"

SQLSTATE: 2201G

Description: Both the upper and lower limit values must be finite values.

Solution: Check the input data.

GAUSS-02979: "reference to parent directory \('..'\) not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02980: "absolute path not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Only the data and log directories support absolute paths.

Solution: Change the path to a relative path.

