# GAUSS-01501 -- GAUSS-01510<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073127"></a>

GAUSS-01501: "OID %u does not refer to a table"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description:  _Parameter1_  of the  **pg\_extension\_config\_dump\(\)**  function is not defined in the  **pg\_class**  table.

Solution: Ensure that  _parameter1_  is defined in the  **pg\_class**  table.

GAUSS-01502: "table '%s' is not a member of the extension being created"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description:  _Parameter1_  of the  **pg\_extension\_config\_dump\(\)**  function is not a member of the extension being created.

Solution: Ensure that  _parameter1_  is a member of the extension being created.

GAUSS-01503: "extension with oid %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain tuples in the  **pg\_extension**  system catalog from the cache based on the OID of the current extension.

Solution: The system cache is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01504: "extconfig is not a 1-D Oid array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01505: "extconfig and extcondition arrays do not match"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01507: "extension name cannot be qualified"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION SET SCHEMA**  execution, a scheme name is added before the extension name.

Solution: Do not add a scheme name.

GAUSS-01508: "cannot move extension '%s' into schema '%s' because the extension contains the schema"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION SET SCHEMA**  execution, the new schema is a member of the current extension.

Solution: Ensure that the new schema is not a member of the current extension.

GAUSS-01509: "extension '%s' does not support SET SCHEMA"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: During  **ALTER EXTENSION SET SCHEMA**  execution,  **relocatable**  of the current extension is false.

Solution: Ensure that  **relocatable**  of an extension is true.

