# GAUSS-01421 -- GAUSS-01430<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073373"></a>

GAUSS-01421: "could not obtain lock on relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55P03

Description: The statement is  **LOCK TABLE NOWAIT**. The table cannot obtain a lock.

Solution: Modify the statement to  **LOCK TABLE**.

GAUSS-01422: "cache lookup failed for access method %u"

SQLSTATE: 22P06

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01423: "operator family '%s' does not exist for access method '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: During  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  execution, the access method specified for the operator family does not exist.

Solution: View the existing operator family and ensure that the access method and the specified operator family match.

GAUSS-01424: "operator family '%s' for access method '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: During  **CREATE OPERATOR FAMILY**  execution, the operator family already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the operator family name is unique.

GAUSS-01425: "must be system admin to create an operator class"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user executes the  **CREATE OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement.

Solution: Execute the statement as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01426: "invalid operator number %d, must be between 1 and %d"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description:  **strategy\_number**  in the  **OPERATOR**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement is less than 1 or greater than that of  **index\_method**.

Solution: Ensure that  **strategy\_number**  ranges from 1 to the maximum  **strategy\_number**  of  **index\_method**.

GAUSS-01427: "invalid procedure number %d, must be between 1 and %d"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description:  **support\_number**  in the  **FUNCTION**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement is less than 1 or greater than that of  **index\_method**.

Solution: Ensure that  **support\_number**  ranges from 1 to the maximum  **strategy\_number**  of  **index\_method**.

GAUSS-01428: "storage type specified more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  statement contains multiple and same  **STORAGE**  clauses.

Solution: Ensure that  **STORAGE**  clauses contained in the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  are different.

GAUSS-01429: "unrecognized item type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The system does not support customized operators.

Solution: Do not create customized operators using the  **CREATE OPERATOR**  syntax.

GAUSS-01430: "storage type cannot be different from data type for access method '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description:  **column\_type**  differs from  **storage\_type**  specified in the  **STORAGE**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  statement.

Solution: Ensure that the data type of  **storage\_type**  and that of  **access\_method**  are the same.

