# GAUSS-00771 -- GAUSS-00780<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073148"></a>

GAUSS-00771: "cannot use a deferrable unique constraint for referenced table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Foreign keys depend on a deferrable unique constraint.

Solution: Modify the dependency of foreign keys.

GAUSS-00772: "there is no unique constraint matching given keys for referenced table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42830

Description: Keys of the table that foreign keys depend on are not unique.

Solution: Modify dependency of foreign keys.

GAUSS-00773: "could not find cast from %u to %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The conversion method between the types cannot be found.

Solution: Verify that no type conversion method is available in the  **pg\_cast**  system catalog. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00774: "null conbin for constraint %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The constraint attribute is null.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00775: "unrecognized FK action type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The foreign key trigger type does not exist.

Solution: Check the type of the foreign key trigger.

GAUSS-00776: "cannot drop inherited constraint '%s' of relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE DROP CONSTRAINT**  is run, inherited constraints cannot be deleted.

Solution: Modify this operation.

GAUSS-00777: "relation %u has non-inherited constraint '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The inherited table does not have the corresponding inherited constraints.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00778: "cannot alter column type of typed table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER COLUMN TYPE**  is run, the column type of a typed table cannot be modified.

Solution: Modify this operation.

GAUSS-00779: "cannot alter inherited column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **ALTER COLUMN TYPE**  is run, the column type of an inherited table cannot be modified.

Solution: Modify this operation.

GAUSS-00780: "cache lookup failed for pgxc\_class %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

