# GAUSS-01001 -- GAUSS-01010<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073690"></a>

GAUSS-01001: "invalid type category '%s': must be simple ASCII"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The type category is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the category name consists of simple ASCII characters \(ACII value from 22 to 126\).

GAUSS-01002: "array element type cannot be %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The array element type cannot be the pseudo type.

Solution: Do not use the pseudo type as the array element type.

GAUSS-01003: "alignment '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Invalid alignment parameter.

Solution: Ensure that the alignment parameters in the data type definition are valid.

GAUSS-01004: "storage '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Invalid storage parameter.

Solution: Ensure that the storage parameters in the data type definition are valid.

GAUSS-01005: "type input function must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: No input function is specified for the data type.

Solution: Specify an input function.

GAUSS-01006: "type output function must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: No output function is specified for the data type.

Solution: Specify an output function.

GAUSS-01007: "type modifier output function is useless without a type modifier input function"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: Only a typmod\_out function is specified for the data type. 

Solution: Specify both typmod\_in and typmod\_out functions.

GAUSS-01008: "type input function %s must return type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the input function is not specified.

Solution: Specify the return type of the input function.

GAUSS-01009: "type output function %s must return type 'cstring'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the output function is not specified.

Solution: Specify the return type of the output function.

GAUSS-01010: "type receive function %s must return type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return type of the receive function is not specified.

Solution: Specify the return type of the receive function.

