# GAUSS-02151 -- GAUSS-02160<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073520"></a>

GAUSS-02152: "Node name '%s' is too long"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The specified node name is too long.

Solution: Modify the specified node name.

GAUSS-02153: "Failed to create coordinator, the maximum number of coordinators %d specified by 'max\_coordinators' has been reached."

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs. The number of CNs created has exceeded that specified by  **max\_coordinators**.

Solution: Increase the  **max\_coordinators**  value.

GAUSS-02154: "Failed to create datanode, the maximum number of datanodes %d specified by 'max\_datanodes' has been reached."

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs. The number of DNs created has exceeded that specified by  **max\_datanodes**.

Solution: Increase the  **max\_datanodes**  value.

GAUSS-02155: "PGXC node %s: two nodes cannot be primary"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs. A primary node has been created.

Solution: Change the primary node created to a non-primary node as required.

GAUSS-02157: "cache lookup failed for object %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02158: "PGXC node %s: cannot alter Coordinator to Datanode"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs. Failed to change the CN to a DN.

Solution: Do not change a CN to a DN.

GAUSS-02159: "PGXC node %s: cannot alter Datanode to Coordinator"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A syntax error occurs. Failed to change the DN to a CN.

Solution: Do not change a DN to a CN.

