# GAUSS-00661 -- GAUSS-00670<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073565"></a>

GAUSS-00661: "basetype is redundant with aggregate input type specification"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: When an aggregate function is defined,  **basetype**  is redundant.

Solution: If the aggregate function is defined using version pg8.2 or later, do not use  **basetype**  to describe the input type.

GAUSS-00662: "aggregate transition data type cannot be %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The type of the data to be converted by an aggregate function is incorrect.

Solution: Ensure that the type of the data to be converted by the aggregate function is not pseudo. The initial user type to be converted can be internal.

GAUSS-00663: "function %s already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42723

Description: A function already exists in the schema.

Solution: Ensure that the function name is unique.

GAUSS-00664: "Unsupport feature"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Feature not supported.

Solution: Check the table definition statement.

GAUSS-00665: "column store unsupport constraint '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Constraints unsupported by the column-store table are defined.

Solution: Use constraints supported by the column-store table, such as NULL, NOT NULL, DEFAULT, and CLUSTER constraints.

GAUSS-00666: "PARTIAL\_CLUSTER\_ROWS cannot be less than MAX\_BATCHROW."

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The value of  **PARTIAL\_CLUSTER\_ROWS**  is smaller than that of  **MAX\_BATCHROW**.

Solution: Ensure that the value of  **PARTIAL\_CLUSTER\_ROWS**  is greater than or equal to that of  **MAX\_BATCHROW**.

GAUSS-00667: "ON COMMIT can only be used on temporary tables"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description:  **ON COMMIT**  is used for non-temporary tables.

Solution: Use  **ON COMMIT**  for temporary tables only.

GAUSS-00668: "constraints on foreign tables are not supported"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Constraints on foreign tables are defined.

Solution: Do not define constraints on foreign tables.

GAUSS-00669: "cannot create temporary table within security-restricted operation"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Temporary tables are created under security restrictions.

Solution: Do not create temporary tables under security restrictions.

GAUSS-00670: "only shared relations can be placed in pg\_global tablespace"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: User-defined relations are added to the tablespace of the  **pg\_global**  table.

Solution: Add only shared relations to the tablespace of the  **pg\_global**  table.

