# GAUSS-04741 -- GAUSS-04750<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073707"></a>

GAUSS-04741: "The path '%s' must be an absolute path."

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The path of the file name or folder name is not an absolute path.

Solution: The folder name or file name specified for an HDFS table must be an absolute path.

GAUSS-04742: "The address option exists illegal character: \\'%c\\'"

SQLSTATE: 44000

Description: Invalid spaces exist in the address option of the server on the HDFS.

Solution: Remove the invalid spaces.

GAUSS-04744: "The count of address '%s' must be not greater than %d."

SQLSTATE: 44000

Description: The number of the addresses cannot exceed 2.

Solution: Ensure that the number of addresses specified during DFS server creation does not exceed 2.

GAUSS-04745: "Unsupport ipv6 foramt"

SQLSTATE: 44000

Description: The address of the DFS server does not support the IPv6 address format.

Solution: Change the address of the DFS server to the IPv4 address format.

GAUSS-04746: "The incorrect address format"

SQLSTATE: 44000

Description: The address format is incorrect.

Solution: View the correct address description.

GAUSS-04747: "Failed to create DfsInsert handler when updating table."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04748: "build global dfs space cache hash table failed"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Internal system error. Failed to create a global cache for HDFS connections.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04749: "The number of files exceeds the limit %d."

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: The number of files arrives the upper limit.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04750: "could not initialize DFS space hash table"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Do not create the hash table used for caching the file sequence number.

Solution:Contact technical support.

