# GAUSS-00361 -- GAUSS-00370<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073518"></a>

GAUSS-00361: "access method '%s' does not support column store"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The access method specified in the  **CREATE INDEX...USING method**  syntax does not support the column storage table.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the access method can only be the psort type.

GAUSS-00362: "index expression cannot return a set"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The index expression of one or multiple columns specified in the  **CREATE INDEX**  syntax returns a set.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the created index expression does not return a set.

GAUSS-00363: "index expressions and predicates can refer only to the table being indexed"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: The created expression of one or multiple columns based on this table specified in the  **CREATE INDEX**  syntax belongs to different tables.

Solution: Ensure that the created expression of one or multiple columns based on this table specified in the  **CREATE INDEX**  syntax belongs to the same table.

GAUSS-00364: "unrecognized event type: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00365: "rule WHERE condition cannot contain references to other relations"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The  **WHERE**  condition expression in the  **CREATE RULE**  syntax uses tables other than  **NEW**  and  **OLD**  for reference.

Solution: Modify the syntax to ensure that the  **WHERE**  condition expression only use  **NEW**  and  **OLD**  for reference.

GAUSS-00368: "Rule may not use NOTIFY, it is not yet supported"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The rule action command specified in the  **CREATE RULE**  syntax incorrectly uses the  **NOTIFY**  clause.

Solution: Ensure that the rule action command specified in the  **CREATE RULE**  syntax contains only the  **SELECT**,  **INSERT**,  **UPDATE**, or  **DELETE**  clause. Modify the syntax because the  **NOTIFY**  clause is not supported in the current version.

GAUSS-00369: "rules with WHERE conditions can only have SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE actions"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The  **CREATE RULE**  syntax incorrectly uses the functional data definition statements, such as  **CREATE**,  **DESTROY**,  **COPY**, and  **VACUUM**.

Solution: Do not use those statements. Currently, only the  **SELECT**,  **INSERT**,  **UPDATE**, or  **DELETE**  clause is supported in the  **CREATE RULE**  syntax.

GAUSS-00370: "conditional UNION/INTERSECT/EXCEPT statements are not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The query tree generated based on the user-created rule filters  **UNION**,  **INTERSECT**, and  **EXCEPT**. Currently, this execution mode is not supported.

Solution: Alternatively, rewrite the rule to avoid unsupported behavior. Contact technical support.

