# GAUSS-01361 -- GAUSS-01370<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072983"></a>

GAUSS-01362: "cache lookup failed for text search configuration %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The full-text search configuration corresponding to the ID is not found in the system catalog.

Solution: Check whether the DROP operation is concurrently performed on the configuration.

GAUSS-01363: "text search configuration parameter '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Unrecognized configuration parameters are provided during the creation of a text search configuration.

Solution: Provide parser or copy configuration parameters only.

GAUSS-01364: "cannot specify both PARSER and COPY options"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description:  **PARSER**  and  **COPY**  are specified simultaneously during the creation of a text search configuration.

Solution: Do not specify  **PARSER**  and  **COPY**  simultaneously during the creation of a text search configuration.

GAUSS-01365: "text search parser is required"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The text search parser cannot be found during the creation of a text search configuration because the  **PARSER**  or  **Copy**  is incorrectly configured.

Solution: Configure  **PARSER**  or  **COPY**  correctly so that the text search parser can be found during the creation of a text search configuration.

GAUSS-01366: "text search configuration '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: A conflict occurs when changing the text search configuration.

Solution: Rename the text search configuration.

GAUSS-01367: "text search configuration '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The configuration of the specified name does not exist during the change of the text search configuration.

Solution: Ensure that the configuration of the specified name exists.

GAUSS-01368: "method lextype isn't defined for text search parser %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The required prslextype definition in the  **pg\_ts\_parser**  system catalog is incorrect.

Solution: The attribute information in  **pg\_ts\_parser**  is incorrect. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01369: "token type '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The token type does not exist during the change of the text search configuration \(add/alter/drop mapping\).

Solution: Specify an existing token type during the change of the text search configuration \(add/alter/drop mapping\).

GAUSS-01370: "mapping for token type '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The mapping for a token type does not exist during the change of the text search configuration \(drop mapping\).

Solution: Specify an existing mapping during the change of the text search configuration \(drop mapping\).

