# GAUSS-04621 -- GAUSS-04630<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073626"></a>

GAUSS-04622: "Password can't contain more than %d characters."

SQLSTATE: 28P01

Description: The account password cannot contain over  _%d_  characters.

Solution: Change the password format to ensure that the number of characters does not exceed  _%d_.

GAUSS-04623: "invalid GDS command: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid GDS interaction is received.

Solution: Check whether invalid data exists in the imported file of GDS foreign tables, clean the file, and import it again.

GAUSS-04624: "Failed to deserialize command, which type is %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid GDS interaction is received.

Solution: Check whether invalid data exists in the imported file of GDS foreign tables, clean the file, and import it again.

GAUSS-04626: "Invalid schema oid: %u"

SQLSTATE: 3F000

Description: Failed to find the schema entered by the user.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04627: "deltamerge: This relation doesn't support vacuum deltamerge operation"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: Failed to merge the table by using the  **VACUUM DELTAMERGE **_\[table\_name\]_  syntax.

Solution: Ensure that  _\[table\_name\]_  specifies a delta table in the  **VACUUM DELTAMERGE **_\[table\_name\]_  syntax.

GAUSS-04629: "gs\_switch\_relfilenode can be only used by redistribution tool."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The metainformation exchange function is only used for the redistribution tool and not recommended for users.

Solution: The database does not support the function. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04630: "DFS tablespace can not be used as default tablespace."

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The DFS tablespace cannot be used as the default tablespace.

Solution: Do not use the DFS tablespace as the default tablespace.

