# GAUSS-03351 -- GAUSS-03360<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073068"></a>

GAUSS-03351: "cannot use 'EEEE' twice"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The numeric format is incorrect.  **EEEE**  cannot be used twice.

Solution: Modify the value format and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03352: "'EEEE' is incompatible with other formats"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The value format is incorrect.  **EEEE**  is incompatible with other formats.

Solution: Modify the value format and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03353: "invalid data for match in format string"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: When the data is converted to the timestamp format, the format parameter value does not comply with the timestamp format.

Solution: Modify the format string and ensure that it can correctly indicate the timestamp format. Perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03354: "'%s' is not a number"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: A numeric string should not contain non-number characters.

Solution: Modify the numeric string and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03355: "could not determine which collation to use for lower\(\) function"

SQLSTATE: 42P22

Description: Failed to determine the collation used for calling the  **lower**  function.

Solution: Use the  **COLLATE**  clause to set the collation.

GAUSS-03356: "could not determine which collation to use for upper\(\) function"

SQLSTATE: 42P22

Description: Failed to determine the collation used for calling the  **upper**  function.

Solution: Use the  **COLLATE**  clause to set the collation.

GAUSS-03357: "could not determine which collation to use for initcap\(\) function"

SQLSTATE: 42P22

Description: Failed to determine the collation used for calling the  **initcap**  function.

Solution: Use the  **COLLATE**  clause to set the collation.

GAUSS-03358: " RR/RRRR should be between 0 - 9999"

SQLSTATE: 22008

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The year value should range between 0 and 9999.

Solution: Correct the year value.

GAUSS-03359: "invalid combination of date conventions"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. A combination of the Gregorian calendar and ISO week date format cannot be used.

Solution: Modify the date format. Use the Gregorian calendar or ISO week date.

GAUSS-03360: "conflicting values for '%s' field in formatting string"

SQLSTATE: 22007

Description: The date and time format is incorrect. The same field is repeatedly given conflicting values.

Solution: Do not set conflicting values. Cancel the second value assignment.

