# GAUSS-00801 -- GAUSS-00810<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073253"></a>

GAUSS-00801: "null conpfeqop for constraint %u"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description: The constraint attribute is null.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00802: "conpfeqop is not a 1-D Oid array"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The constraint array is not one-dimensional.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00803: "cannot change owner of sequence '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE OWNER**  is run, the owner of a sequence cannot be changed by the owner itself.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00804: "'%s' is a composite type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE OWNER**  is run, the owner of a composite type cannot be changed.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00805: "'%s' is not a table, view, sequence, or foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE OWNER**  is run, the object whose owner to be changed is not a common table, view, sequence, or foreign table.

Solution: Modify the object to a common table, view, sequence, or foreign table.

GAUSS-00806: "index '%s' for table '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE CLUSTER ON**  is run, the index for a table does not exist.

Solution: Cancel this operation.

GAUSS-00807: "cannot have multiple SET TABLESPACE subcommands"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE SET TABLESPACE**  is run, multiple  **SET TABLESPACE**  sub-commands are run.

Solution: Run one  **SET TABLESPACE**  sub-command at a time.

GAUSS-00808: "relkind of psort tuple shouldn't be '%c'."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The table type related to psort is incorrect.

Solution: Check whether the table is column-store.

GAUSS-00809: "psort tuple doesn't have the correct ORIENTATION value."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The table type related to psort is incorrect.

Solution: Check whether the table is column-store.

GAUSS-00810: "cache lookup failed for relation %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE SET TABLESPACE**  is run, the relational table does not exist.

Solution: Modify this operation.

