# GAUSS-00941 -- GAUSS-00950<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073506"></a>

GAUSS-00941: "VARIADIC parameter must be an array"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description:  **VARIADIC**  parameters must be of the array type.

Solution: Use variables of the array type as  **VARIADIC**  parameters.

GAUSS-00942: "parameter name '%s' used more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: A parameter name is used more than once in the parameter list.

Solution: Use different parameter names.

GAUSS-00943: "only input parameters can have default values"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: A default value exists only when the parameter is set.

Solution: Only define a default value for the input parameter.

GAUSS-00944: "cannot use table references in parameter default value"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: Variables cannot be used as default values of parameters, such as tables, columns, and CurrentOf expressions.

Solution: Do not use variables as default values.

GAUSS-00945: "cannot use subquery in parameter default value"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Subqueries cannot be used as default values of parameters.

Solution: Do not use subqueries as default values.

GAUSS-00946: "cannot use aggregate function in parameter default value"

SQLSTATE: 42803

Description: Aggregate functions cannot be used as default values of parameters.

Solution: Do not use aggregate functions as default values.

GAUSS-00947: "cannot use window function in parameter default value"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: Window functions cannot be used as default values of parameters.

Solution: Do not use window functions as default values.

GAUSS-00948: "invalid volatility '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The type of the volatile function is invalid.

Solution: The system catalog is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00949: "no function body specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: No function body is defined.

Solution: Ensure that the function body is defined.

GAUSS-00950: "no language specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: No language type of the function is defined, such as C/PLPGSQL/SQL.

Solution: Define the language type such as C/PLPGSQL/SQL.

