# GAUSS-01061 -- GAUSS-01070<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073441"></a>

GAUSS-01061: "option '%s' provided more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The option is provided more than once.

Solution: Check the SQL statement and ensure that the option is provided only once.

GAUSS-01062: "unrecognized action %d on option '%s'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The action of the required option is set to an invalid value.

Solution: Check whether the SQL statement parameters are correct.

GAUSS-01063: "foreign-data wrapper '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The foreign-data wrapper does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the foreign-data wrapper has been created.

GAUSS-01064: "foreign-data wrapper '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The foreign-data wrapper already exists.

Solution: Do not create the foreign-data wrapper again.

GAUSS-01065: "server '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The server does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the server has been created.

GAUSS-01066: "server '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The server already exists.

Solution: Do not create the server again.

GAUSS-01067: "permission denied to change owner of foreign-data wrapper '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You do not have permission to change the owner of foreign-data wrapper.

Solution: Change the owner of foreign-data wrapper as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01068: "foreign-data wrapper with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The foreign-data wrapper does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the foreign-data wrapper has been created.

GAUSS-01069: "foreign server with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The foreign server does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the foreign server has been created.

GAUSS-01070: "function %s must return type 'fdw\_handler'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The function does not return the fdw\_handler type.

Solution: Check the function definition and ensure that the function returns the fdw\_handler type.

