# GAUSS-00961 -- GAUSS-00970<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073096"></a>

GAUSS-00962: "source data type %s is a pseudo-type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The source data type is a pseudo type.

Solution: Check the CAST function to be created and ensure that the source data type is not a pseudo type.

GAUSS-00963: "target data type %s is a pseudo-type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The target data type is a pseudo type.

Solution: Check the CAST function to be created and ensure that the target data type is not a pseudo type.

GAUSS-00964: "must be owner of type %s or type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The user executing this statement is not the owner of the source type and target type.

Solution: Check the SQL statement and ensure that the user is the owner of the source type and target type.

GAUSS-00965: "cast function must take one to three arguments"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The CAST function does not specify one to three parameters.

Solution: Ensure that the CAST function specifies one to three parameters.

GAUSS-00966: "argument of cast function must match or be binary-coercible from source data type"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The parameters of the CAST function neither match the source data type nor are compatible with the binary.

Solution: Ensure that the parameters of the CAST function match the source data type or are compatible with the binary.

GAUSS-00967: "second argument of cast function must be type integer"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The second parameter of the CAST function is not of an integer type.

Solution: Ensure that the second parameter of the CAST function is of an integer type.

GAUSS-00968: "third argument of cast function must be type Boolean"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The third parameter of the CAST function is not of a Boolean type.

Solution: Ensure that the third parameter of the CAST function is of a Boolean type.

GAUSS-00969: "return data type of cast function must match or be binary-coercible to target data type"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The return data type of the CAST function neither matches the target data type nor is binary-coercible to target data type.

Solution: Ensure that the return data type of the CAST function matches or is binary-coercible to target data type.

GAUSS-00970: "cast function must not be volatile"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The CAST function is volatile.

Solution: Ensure that the CAST function is operating properly.

