# GAUSS-03061 -- GAUSS-03070<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073028"></a>

GAUSS-03061: "invalid input syntax for type circle: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: The value of the circle type is invalid.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

GAUSS-03062: "could not format 'circle' value"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The input value of the circle type cannot construct the circle type data.

Solution: No solution is provided \(This error does not occur\).

GAUSS-03063: "invalid radius in external 'circle' value"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: The input circle radius is smaller than 0.

Solution: Ensure that the input circle value is valid.

GAUSS-03064: "cannot convert circle with radius zero to polygon"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The circle whose radius is 0 cannot be converted to a polygon.

Solution: Ensure that the input circle value is valid.

GAUSS-03065: "must request at least 2 points"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The number of output points must be at least 2.

Solution: Check the input number of points.

GAUSS-03066: "cannot convert empty polygon to circle"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: A polygon without point sets cannot be converted to a circle type value.

Solution: Ensure that the input polygon value is valid.

GAUSS-03067: "NULL pointer"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03068: "value '%s' is out of range for type integer"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The parameter value is out of the range of the integer type value.

Solution: Check the input parameter. For the data value range, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121926.md](en-us_topic_0237121926.md).

GAUSS-03069: "value '%s' is out of range for type smallint"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The parameter value is out of the range of the smallint type value.

Solution: Check the input parameter. For the data value range, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121926.md](en-us_topic_0237121926.md).

GAUSS-03070: "value '%s' is out of range for 8-bit integer"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: The parameter value is out of the range of the eight-digit integer type value.

Solution: Check the input parameter. For the data value range, see  [en-us\_topic\_0237121926.md](en-us_topic_0237121926.md).

