# GAUSS-02981 -- GAUSS-02990<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073491"></a>

GAUSS-02981: "path must be in or below the current directory"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The input path must be included in the current path.

Solution: Change the input path.

GAUSS-02982: "could not stat file '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain the file status information.

Solution: Check whether the file status is abnormal, for example, the file does not exist or you do not have the file read permission.

GAUSS-02983: "requested length too large"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The length of the file to be read exceeds the maximum value.

Solution: Reduce the size of the file to be read to a value less than 1 GB.

GAUSS-02984: "could not seek in file '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The file cannot be located based on the offset.

Solution: Ensure that the file status is normal.

GAUSS-02985: "could not read file '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Only database system administrator can read the file.

Solution: Read the file as a system administrator.

GAUSS-02987: "requested length cannot be negative"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Only database system administrator can obtain the file information.

Solution: Change to a system administrator.

GAUSS-02990: "requested length too large"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The length of the file to be read exceeds the maximum value.

Solution: Reduce the size of the file to be read to a value less than 1 GB.

