# GAUSS-53200 -- GAUSS-53299<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073200"></a>

GAUSS-53200: "The number of standbys for each DN instance must be the same. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:42501

Description: The user has insufficient permissions and cannot connect to the static database.

Solution: Modify the user permissions and try again.

GAUSS-53201: "The number of DN standbys and the AZ settings are incorrect. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:22023

Description: The disk space is insufficient.

Solution: Release the disk space and try again.

GAUSS-53202: "The AZ information is incorrect. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:42P25

Description: No AGG operator exists in the plan.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-53203: "The number of ETCD in %s. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:42601

Description: The AGG syntax is incorrect.

Solution: Modify the query statement and try again.

GAUSS-53204: "\[%s\] is not supported in single primary multistandby cluster."

SQLSTATE:42P24

Description: The attribute column does not exist.

Solution: Change the attribute column and try again.

GAUSS-53205: "The priority of %s must be higher than %s. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:42P24

Description: The column attribute value exceeds the maximum length of the column.

Solution: Modify the column attribute value and try again.

GAUSS-53206: "The value of %s must be greater than 0 and less than 11. Please set it."

SQLSTATE:01000

Description: The username does not exist. The  **SQL COUNT**  cannot be found in a hash table.

Solution: Change the username and try again.

