# GAUSS-01771 -- GAUSS-01780<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073061"></a>

GAUSS-01771: "cannot create relations in temporary schemas of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Creating tables in the temporary tablespace of other sessions is not allowed.

Solution: Do not create tables in the temporary tablespace of other sessions.

GAUSS-01772: "cannot create temporary relation in non-temporary schema"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Temporary tables cannot be created in non-temporary tablespace.

Solution: Check the tablespace name before creating a table.

GAUSS-01773: "only temporary relations may be created in temporary schemas"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Only temporary tables can be created in temporary schemas \(tablespace\).

Solution: Check the tablespace name before creating an object. Create an object based on the characteristics of the tablespace.

GAUSS-01774: "text search parser '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01775: "text search dictionary '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The TS file directory cannot be found or does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the file directory created in the database is correct.

GAUSS-01776: "text search template '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The template database cannot be found. The file directory is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the template database is correctly created at the initial stage of database creation and that the template database file directory is correct.

GAUSS-01777: "%s is already in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P07

Description: The object already exists in the current tablespace.

Solution: Query the system catalog to check whether the object already exists in the schema.

GAUSS-01778: "cannot move objects into or out of temporary schemas"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Moving an object into or out of a temporary tablespace is not allowed.

Solution: Do not move the object into or out of a temporary tablespace.

GAUSS-01780: "cannot move objects into CSTORE schema"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Objects of other tablespaces cannot be moved into a column-store tablespace.

Solution: Ensure that the current tablespace is not a column-store one.

