# GAUSS-00191 -- GAUSS-00200<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073072"></a>

GAUSS-00191: "recursive query '%s' column %d has collation '%s' in non-recursive term but collation '%s' overall"

SQLSTATE: 42P21

Description: The column character set in the recursive query is inconsistent with that of that in the non-recursive query.

Solution: Convert the output character set of the non-recursive query to that of the recursive query.

GAUSS-00192: "WITH query '%s' has %d columns available but %d columns specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: The number of parameters specified in the recursive query is inconsistent with the number of parameters required for the actual query.

Solution: Ensure that the number of parameters specified in the recursive query is consistent with the number of parameters required.

GAUSS-00193: "mutual recursion between WITH items is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Recursion between queries is not implemented.

Solution: Use a supported function.

GAUSS-00194: "recursive query '%s' must not contain data-modifying statements"

SQLSTATE: 42P19

Description: The recursive query contains non-query statements.

Solution: Ensure that the recursive query contains only query statements.

GAUSS-00196: "missing recursive reference"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00197: "ORDER BY in a recursive query is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **ORDER BY**  is used in a recursive query.

Solution: Do not use  **ORDER BY**  in a recursive query.

GAUSS-00198: "OFFSET in a recursive query is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Syntax not supported.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-00199: "LIMIT in a recursive query is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **LIMIT**  is used in a recursive query.

Solution: Do not use  **LIMIT**  in a recursive query.

GAUSS-00200: "FOR UPDATE/SHARE in a recursive query is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description:  **FOR UPDATE/SHARE**  is used in a recursive query.

Solution: Do not use  **FOR UPDATE/SHARE**  in a recursive query.

