# GAUSS-02851 -- GAUSS-02860<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073289"></a>

GAUSS-02851: "invalid input syntax for integer: '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22P02

Description: Incorrect source string.

Solution: Check the data source.

GAUSS-02853: "OID out of range"

SQLSTATE: 22003

Description: Data is out of range.

Solution: Check the metadata.

GAUSS-02854: "step size cannot equal zero"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Incorrect statement.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement. The interval cannot be zero.

GAUSS-02855: "argument of ntile must be greater than zero"

SQLSTATE: 22014

Description: Internal system error. The value of the parameter expression in the obtained frame must be greater than zero.

Solution: Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02856: "argument of nth\_value must be greater than zero"

SQLSTATE: 22016

Description: Internal system error. For a frame, its values, excluding its first value, should be greater than zero.

Solution: Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02857: "type %u is not a range type"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02858: "range constructor flags argument must not be NULL"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: Incorrect SQL statement.

Solution: Modify the statement.

GAUSS-02859: "range types do not match"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Incorrect SQL statement.

Solution: Modify the statement.

GAUSS-02860: "result of range difference would not be contiguous"

SQLSTATE: 22000

Description: Incorrect SQL statement.

Solution: Modify the statement.

