# GAUSS-00681 -- GAUSS-00690<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073123"></a>

GAUSS-00681: "'%s' is not a table"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The object to be truncated is not a table.

Solution: Ensure that the object to be truncated is a table.

GAUSS-00682: "cannot truncate temporary tables of other sessions"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Temporary tables of other sessions are truncated.

Solution: Do not truncate temporary tables of other sessions.

GAUSS-00683: "tables can have at most %d columns"

SQLSTATE: 54011

Description: The number of columns of a table is greater than 1600.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns of a table is not greater than 1600.

GAUSS-00684: "cannot inherit from temporary relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: A temporary table is inherited.

Solution: Do not inherit temporary tables. Only temporary tables of the session are displayed.

GAUSS-00685: "cannot inherit from temporary relation of another session"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: A temporary table is inherited.

Solution: Do not inherit temporary tables. Only temporary tables of the session are displayed.

GAUSS-00686: "relation '%s' would be inherited from more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42P07

Description: A table has been inherited multiple times.

Solution: Check the table creation statement to ensure that no duplicate tables exist in the inherited table.

GAUSS-00687: "inherited column '%s' has a type conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The type of a column inherited is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the type of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

GAUSS-00688: "inherited column '%s' has a collation conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42P21

Description: The collation of the column inherited is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the collation of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

GAUSS-00689: "inherited column '%s' has a storage parameter conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The storage parameter of the column inherited is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the storage parameter of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

GAUSS-00690: "column '%s' has a type conflict"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The type of a column is inconsistent with those of other columns.

Solution: Ensure that the type of the column inherited is consistent with those of other columns.

