# GAUSS-01311 -- GAUSS-01320<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073431"></a>

GAUSS-01311: "collation attribute '%s' not recognized"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **Create Collation**  syntax is used.

Solution: Do not use the syntax.

GAUSS-01314: "collation '%s' for encoding '%s' already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The sorting rule for a character set exists.

Solution: Do not create duplicate sorting rules for a character set.

GAUSS-01315: "collation '%s' already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The sorting rule exists in the schema.

Solution: Do not create duplicate sorting rules in a schema.

GAUSS-01316: "unlogged sequences are not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Unlogged sequences cannot be created.

Solution: Do not create unlogged sequences.

GAUSS-01317: "GTM error, could not create sequence"

SQLSTATE: 08006

Description: A GTM error occurs, resulting in a failure in creating a sequence.

Solution: Run  **gs\_om -t status --detail**  to check GTM status. If the GTM is abnormal, troubleshoot it as described in the  _Troubleshooting Guide_  and create a sequence again.

GAUSS-01318: "GTM error, could not alter sequence"

SQLSTATE: 08006

Description: A GTM error occurs, resulting in a failure in modifying a sequence.

Solution: Run  **gs\_om -t status --detail**  to check GTM status. If the GTM is abnormal, troubleshoot it as described in the  _Troubleshooting Guide_  and create a sequence again.

GAUSS-01319: "permission denied for sequence %s"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: You do not have permission to access the sequence. 

Solution: Ensure that you have permission to access the sequence.

GAUSS-01320: "nextval: reached maximum value of sequence '%s' \(%s\)"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The maximum sequence value is reached.

Solution: Internal system error. Contact technical support.

