# GAUSS-01911 -- GAUSS-01920<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073622"></a>

GAUSS-01911: "constraint '%s' for domain %s already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The constraint name already exists in the current table.

Solution: Ensure that the constraint name is unique.

GAUSS-01912: "table '%s' has multiple constraints named '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The table has at least two duplicate constraints.

Solution: Ensure that each constraint has a unique name within one table.

GAUSS-01913: "constraint '%s' for table '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The constraint does not exist in the current table.

Solution: Ensure that the constraint exists in the current table. Alternatively, check all constraints in the table.

GAUSS-01914: "domain '%s' has multiple constraints named '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The domain has at least two duplicate constraints.

Solution: Ensure that each constraint has a unique name within one domain.

GAUSS-01915: "constraint '%s' for domain '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The constraint does not exist in the current domain.

Solution: Check all constraints in the domain.

GAUSS-01916: "null conkey for constraint %u"

SQLSTATE: XX005

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01917: "conkey is not a 1-D smallint array"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01918: "no aggregate name supplied"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The aggregate name is not provided.

Solution: Provide an aggregate name.

GAUSS-01919: "aggregate must have a transition function"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The aggregate does not have a transition function.

Solution: Provide a transition function.

GAUSS-01920: "cannot determine transition data type"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The conversion type for the composite type cannot be determined during aggregate function creation.

Solution: Set a conversion type for the composite type.

