# GAUSS-00581 -- GAUSS-00590<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073073"></a>

GAUSS-00581: "role name '%s' is reserved"

SQLSTATE: 42939

Description: A username is a reserved keyword.

Solution: Ensure that the username is not the reserved keyword, for example, public or none.

GAUSS-00582: "role '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The username already exists.

Solution: Use a new username.

GAUSS-00584: "The password does not satisfy the complexity requirement"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The password does not meet the complexity requirements.

Solution: 1. The password cannot be the same as the username. 2. The password contains at least eight characters and at least three of the following: uppercase characters \(A to Z\), lowercase characters \(a to z\), digits \(0 to 9\), and other characters \(limited to \~!@\#$%^&\*\(\)-\_=+\\|\[\{\}\];:,<.\>/?\).

GAUSS-00588: "The password could not be NULL."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The password is null.

Solution: Ensure that the password is not null.

GAUSS-00589: "unacceptable user name: fail to create same name schema for user '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42939

Description: If the name of a user is invalid, a schema with the same name as the user cannot be created.

Solution: Ensure that the user name does not start with  **pg\_**  which is used to name system modes.

GAUSS-00590: "the relation pg\_user\_status is invalid"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

