# GAUSS-03821 -- GAUSS-03830<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072935"></a>

GAUSS-03821: "could not convert table '%s' to a view because it is a partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Failed to convert a partitioned table to a view.

Solution: Ensure that the table to be converted to a view is a non-partitioned table.

GAUSS-03822: "could not convert table '%s' to a view because it is not empty"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Failed to convert a non-empty table to a view.

Solution: Ensure that the table to be converted to a view is an empty table.

GAUSS-03823: "could not convert table '%s' to a view because it has triggers"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Failed to convert a table containing triggers to a view.

Solution: Ensure that the table to be converted to a view does not have triggers.

GAUSS-03824: "could not convert table '%s' to a view because it has indexes"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Failed to convert a table containing indexes to a view.

Solution: Ensure that the table to be converted to a view does not have indexes.

GAUSS-03825: "could not convert table '%s' to a view because it has child tables"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Failed to convert a table containing sub-tables to a view.

Solution: Ensure that the table to be converted to a view does not have sub-tables.

GAUSS-03826: "cannot have multiple RETURNING lists in a rule"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A rule cannot contain multiple RETURNING lists.

Solution: Check the number of RETURNING lists.

GAUSS-03827: "RETURNING lists are not supported in conditional rules"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The RETURNING lists are used in the conditional rules.

Solution: Delete the RETURNING lists.

GAUSS-03828: "RETURNING lists are not supported in non-INSTEAD rules"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The RETURNING lists are used in the non-INSTEAD rules.

Solution: Delete the RETURNING lists.

GAUSS-03829: "SELECT rule's target list has too many entries"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The SELECT rules target list has more entries than the required number of columns.

Solution: Check the number of columns and delete the unnecessary columns.

GAUSS-03830: "cannot convert relation containing dropped columns to view"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Failed to convert a table containing dropped columns to a view.

Solution: Check the structure of the table to be converted to a view.

