# GAUSS-01851 -- GAUSS-01860<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073478"></a>

GAUSS-01851: "invalid input parameters when searching for local index under some index"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Input parameters are invalid when index OIDs are checked.

Solution: Ensure that input parameters are valid.

GAUSS-01852: "%u is not a partitioned index"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The object corresponding to the parameter OID is not a partitioned index.

Solution: Search the system catalog to check whether the attribute of the parameter introduced during execution process is correct.

GAUSS-01853: "%u not found in pg\_class"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The object corresponding to the parameter OID cannot be found in the  **pg\_class**  system catalog.

Solution: Ensure that the object OID to be found is correct and that the object is analyzed and imported to the system catalog.

GAUSS-01854: "not found local index %u in pg\_partition"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The corresponding local index cannot be found in the  **pg\_partition**  system catalog.

Solution: Ensure that the local index is valid and that the attribute of the parameter upon creation is correct.

GAUSS-01855: "none is the son local index of index %u"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: No local index is found in the indexes of  **partitionedIndexid**.

Solution: Ensure that the local index to be searched for is correct.

GAUSS-01859: "cache lookup failed for index partition %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01860: "more than one item satisfied parttype is %c, parentOid is %u"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Two partitions in one table are of the same type.

Solution: Ensure that all partitions are of different types.

