# GAUSS-04351 -- GAUSS-04360<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073031"></a>

GAUSS-04351: "IGNORE\_EXTRA\_DATA only available on READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description:  **IGNORE\_EXTRA\_DATA**  is used in  **OPTIONS**  when a writable foreign table is created.

Solution: Do not use  **IGNORE\_EXTRA\_DATA**  in  **OPTIONS**.

GAUSS-04352: "Permission denied to drop resource pools."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Common users are not allowed to drop resource pool objects.

Solution: Only system users can drop resource pool objects. Common users do not have the permission to drop objects.

GAUSS-04353: "App Workload Group Mapping '%s': object not defined"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Failed to remove app workload group mapping that does not exist.

Solution: Do not remove app workload group mapping that does not exist.

GAUSS-04355: "internal error, rename partitioned table failed"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to rename the partitioned table.

Solution: Ensure that the  _table\_name_  and  _new\_table\_name_  are correctly specified in the  **ALTER TABLE \[ IF EXISTS \] **_table\_name_** RENAME TO **_new\_table\_name_**;**  syntax.

GAUSS-04356: "internal error, rename partition failed"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to rename the partition.

Solution: Ensure that  _partition\_name_  and  _partition\_new\_name_  in the  **ALTER TABLE..RENAME PARTITION **_partition\_name_** TO **_partition\_new\_name_**;**  syntax does not indicate an existing partition.

GAUSS-04358: "statistics percent valid value is between 0 and 100"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The percentage value does not range between 0 and 100.

Solution: Set the percentage to a value ranging between 0 and 100.

GAUSS-04360: "Partition cache lookup failed for index partition %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The cache data is refreshed instantaneously. Failed to query the partitioned index.

Solution: Perform the operation again.

