# GAUSS-03831 -- GAUSS-03840<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073254"></a>

GAUSS-03831: "SELECT rule's target entry %d has different column name from '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The column names in the SELECT rule are different.

Solution: Check the column name in the SELECT rule target entry.

GAUSS-03832: "SELECT rule's target entry %d has different type from column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The column types in the SELECT rule are different.

Solution: Check the column type in the SELECT rule target entry.

GAUSS-03833: "SELECT rule's target entry %d has different size from column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The sizes of columns in the SELECT rule are different.

Solution: Check the column size in the SELECT rule target entry.

GAUSS-03834: "SELECT rule's target list has too few entries"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The number of columns entered in the SELECT rule is too small.

Solution: Check the number of columns entered in the SELECT rule.

GAUSS-03835: "rule '%s' for relation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The rules to be disabled or enabled does not exist in the corresponding table.

Solution: Check the table rules.

GAUSS-03836: "rule '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The rules to be obtained do not exist in the corresponding table.

Solution: Check the table rules.

GAUSS-03837: "there are multiple rules named '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: Multiple rules with the same name are found.

Solution: Check the table rules.

GAUSS-03838: "Column store don't support this system column"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Column storage does not support this system column.

Solution: Check the involved system column.

