# GAUSS-00551 -- GAUSS-00560<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073612"></a>

GAUSS-00551: "could not determine which collation to use for view column '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P22

Description: The collation to be used by a view column cannot be determined.

Solution: Use the  **COLLATE**  clause to assign a collation to the column.

GAUSS-00552: "view must have at least one column"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The number of columns defining a view is smaller than 1.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns defining a view is greater than or equal to 1.

GAUSS-00553: "'%s' is not a view"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The object is not a view.

Solution: Ensure that the object is a view.

GAUSS-00554: "cannot drop columns from view"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Failed to delete columns from a view

Solution: Do not delete columns from a view.

GAUSS-00555: "cannot change name of view column '%s' to '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Failed to modify the columns in a view.

Solution: Do not modify the columns in a view.

GAUSS-00556: "cannot change data type of view column '%s' from %s to %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: When  **CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW**  is used to define a view, the new view and the original view do not have the same column data type.

Solution: Ensure that the new view and the original view have the same column data type.

GAUSS-00557: "unexpected parse analysis result"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00559: "views must not contain data-modifying statements in WITH"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Statements used to define a view contain the  **WITH**  clause.

Solution: Ensure that a single  **SELECT**  statement is executed to query the results.

GAUSS-00560: "CREATE VIEW specifies more column names than columns"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of columns defining a view is greater than that of columns in the returned results.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns defining a view is not greater than that of columns in the returned results.

