# GAUSS-01431 -- GAUSS-01440<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072971"></a>

GAUSS-01431: "operator class '%s' for access method '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: During  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  execution, the defined operator class already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the operator class name is unique.

GAUSS-01432: "could not make operator class '%s' be default for type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: During  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  execution, the default operator class has been created for a data type.

Solution: Ensure that no default operator class has been created for a data type.

GAUSS-01433: "must be system admin to create an operator family"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user executes the  **CREATE OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement.

Solution: Execute the statement as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01434: "must be system admin to alter an operator family"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: A non-administrator user executes the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement.

Solution: Execute the clause as a system administrator.

GAUSS-01435: "operator argument types must be specified in ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In the  **ADD OPERATOR**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the operator parameter type is not specified.

Solution: Specify the operator parameter type.

GAUSS-01436: "STORAGE cannot be specified in ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In the  **ADD**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY ... ADD**  statement, a  **STORAGE**  clause is specified.

Solution: Do not specify a  **STORAGE**  clause.

GAUSS-01437: "one or two argument types must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, more than two operators or functions are specified.

Solution: Specify only one or two operators or functions.

GAUSS-01438: "index operators must be binary"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the specified operator is not a binary operator.

Solution: The specified operator must be a binary operator.

GAUSS-01439: "access method '%s' does not support ordering operators"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, a sort operator is specified, but  **access\_method**  does not support sorting.

Solution: Ensure that  **access\_method**  supports sorting so that operators can be ordered.

GAUSS-01440: "index search operators must return Boolean"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: In the  **ADD OPERATOR...FOR SEARCH**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the returned operator value is not a Boolean type.

Solution: Ensure that the returned operator value is a Boolean type.

