# GAUSS-03611 -- GAUSS-03620<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073409"></a>

GAUSS-03611: "cannot extract system attribute from minimal tuple"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An internal error occurs. The system column cannot be extracted from the virtual tuple.

Solution: Runtime error. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03612: "cannot extract attribute from empty tuple slot"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-03613: "user-defined relation parameter types limit exceeded"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The definition of relation parameter types exceeds the upper limit.

Solution: Redefine the relation parameter types.

GAUSS-03614: "unsupported option type"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The table definition options contain unsupported data types. Supported data types include boolean, integer, floating point, and string.

Solution: Specify valid data types.

GAUSS-03615: "RESET must not include values for parameters"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **RESET**  command does not support a specified parameter value.

Solution: Check the  **RESET**  command and run this command to reset the default value.

GAUSS-03616: "unrecognized parameter namespace '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Failed to recognize the parameter namespace.

Solution: Ensure that the parameter namespace exists and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03617: "unrecognized parameter '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Failed to recognize the parameter.

Solution: Ensure that the parameter exists and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03618: "parameter '%s' specified more than once"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The parameter is specified more than once.

Solution: Check the parameter usage and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03619: "invalid value for boolean option '%s': %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The data of the boolean type is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the data of the boolean type is valid and perform the operation again.

GAUSS-03620: "invalid value for integer option '%s': %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The data of the INT type is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the data of the INT type is valid and perform the operation again.

