# GAUSS-01301 -- GAUSS-01310<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073245"></a>

GAUSS-01301: "access method '%s' does not support NULLS FIRST/LAST options"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The NULLS, FIRST, or LAST option cannot be used for index processing.

Solution: Rebuild the index and set the access method \(**amcanorder**  in  **pg\_am**\) of the index column to true.

GAUSS-01302: "operator class '%s' does not exist for access method '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The operator cannot be used for index processing.

Solution: Ensure that the operator is supported for index processing.

GAUSS-01303: "there are multiple default operator classes for data type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: The default operator classes of data types are excessive.

Solution: The operator definition in the  **pg\_opclass**  system catalog is incorrect. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01304: "'%s' does not mean oid '%u'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The obtained OID of the partitioned table is incorrect.

Solution: Rebuild the index using  **ALTER INDEX...REBUILD**.

GAUSS-01305: "'%u' is not a child of '%u'"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The child partition is not in the partitioned table.

Solution: Rebuild the index using  **ALTER INDEX...REBUILD**.

GAUSS-01308: "fail to get index info for index %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The index information about the partitioned table cannot be obtained.

Solution: Failed to query the index table \(index information of the  **pg\_index**  system catalog\) of the partitioned table in the cache. The cache is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01309: "unable to find attribute %d for relation %u."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The attribute information about the table cannot be found.

Solution: Failed to find the attribute column of the partitioned index table in the cache. The cache is abnormal. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01310: "cache %d lookup failed for relation %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the index table in the  **pg\_class**  table.

Solution: The index table corresponding to the  **pg\_class**  system catalog in the cache is abnormal. Contact technical support.

