# GAUSS-04211 -- GAUSS-04220<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073156"></a>

GAUSS-04211: "could not disable timer for session timeout"

SQLSTATE: 58000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04214: "bind message has %d parameter formats but %d parameters"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: The number of bound parameters is inconsistent with the number of accepted parameters when the API is used.

Solution: Ensure that the number of accepted parameters is consistent with the number of predicted parameters.

GAUSS-04215: "cannot insert multiple commands into a prepared statement"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Multiple commands are inserted in the prepared statement.

Solution: Insert only one command.

GAUSS-04217: "bind message supplies %d parameters, but prepared statement '%s' requires %d"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: The number of parameters provided by the bind message is incorrect.

Solution: Provide the correct parameter.

GAUSS-04218: "incorrect binary data format in bind parameter %d"

SQLSTATE: 22P03

Description: Incorrect binary data is found in the bind parameter.

Solution: Provide the correct parameter.

GAUSS-04219: "portal '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 34000

Description: The portal does not exist.

Solution: Specify a correct portal name.

GAUSS-04220: "floating-point exception"

SQLSTATE: 22P01

Description: The floating point number is incorrect. For example, the value is out of range or divided by 0.

Solution: Enter a valid floating point number.

