# GAUSS-01701 -- GAUSS-01710<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073417"></a>

GAUSS-01702: "permission denied to create '%s.%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: Creating a heap table failed because the creating mode or the database namespace is not allowed by the system.

Solution: Ensure that the creating mode or the database namespace is correct.

GAUSS-01703: "column name '%s' specified more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: Duplicate attribute names exist.

Solution: Ensure that the attribute name is unique.

GAUSS-01704: "column '%s' has pseudo-type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Attribute check failed because unknown attribute types exist.

Solution: Ensure that the current attribute type is supported by the system.

GAUSS-01705: "composite type %s cannot be made a member of itself"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The name of the composite type is the same as that of the current type, which is not allowed.

Solution: Ensure that the name of the composite data type is unique.

GAUSS-01706: "no collation was derived for column '%s' with collatable type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: Creating a heap table failed because the attribute column supports attcollation but the attcollation is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the collation definition in the attribute column is valid when the table is created.

GAUSS-01707: "Invalid distribution column specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The attribute names used to mark distribution status is not contained in the attribute column. As a result, the number of attribute columns is equal to or less than 0.

Solution: Ensure that the attribute name in the  **DISTRIBUTE BY**  statement exists in the attribute column defined in the table.

GAUSS-01708: "Column %s is not a hash distributable data type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The data type cannot be distributed in hash mode.

Solution: Ensure that the data used in the current column can be distributed in hash mode.

GAUSS-01709: "Column %s is not modulo distributable data type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The data type cannot be distributed in modulo mode.

Solution: Ensure that the data used in the current column can be distributed in modulo mode.

GAUSS-01710: "Invalid distribution type"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: The system does not support the specified distribution type.

Solution: Ensure that the distribution type in use is supported by the system.

