# GAUSS-01981 -- GAUSS-01990<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072999"></a>

GAUSS-01983: "cannot continue WAL streaming, recovery has already ended"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The walreceiver does not need to be enabled on the primary server. If it is enabled, an error message is reported.

Solution: The error message reporting is normal and does not need to be handled.

GAUSS-01984: "invalid standby handshake message type %d"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: The primary server receives an invalid handshake type from the standby server.

Solution: Check whether the primary and standby server environment is normal and whether packet loss occurs. If no such issues exist, an internal error occurs. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01986: "invalid standby message type '%c'"

SQLSTATE: 08P01

Description: The primary server receives an invalid message type from the standby server.

Solution: Check whether the primary and standby server environment is normal and whether packet loss occurs. If no such issues exist, an internal error occurs. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01987: "number of requested standby connections exceeds max\_wal\_senders \(currently %d\)"

SQLSTATE: 53300

Description: The number of connection requests from the standby server to the primary server exceeds the upper limit. The reason may be that the standby server attempts to connect to the primary server many times but fail. Also, the value of  **max\_wal\_senders**  for the primary server may be too small, especially when the build command is executed on the standby server, because two threads are started on the primary server to send data and logs.

Solution: Check whether the former connections are ended. If not, manually close them. Check whether the value of  **max\_wal\_senders**  is too small. If yes, increase the value.

