# GAUSS-04221 -- GAUSS-04230<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073443"></a>

GAUSS-04221: "unrecognized conflict mode: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04222: "terminating autovacuum process due to administrator command"

SQLSTATE: 57P01

Description: The  **autovacuum**  process is terminated by the administrator.

Solution: Contact the system administrator to check whether the  **autovacuum**  process is terminated. Let the administrator to restart the process if it has been terminated.

GAUSS-04223: "terminating connection due to conflict with recovery"

SQLSTATE: 40001

Description: The current request conflicts with the data recovery process performed on the database server. The requested connection fails.

Solution: Try to reconnect the database later and run the command again.

GAUSS-04224: "terminating connection due to conflict with recovery"

SQLSTATE: 57P04

Description: The current request conflicts with the data recovery process performed on the database server. The requested connection fails.

Solution: Try to reconnect the database later and run the command again.

GAUSS-04225: "terminating connection due to administrator command"

SQLSTATE: 57P01

Description: The administrator terminates the current connection.

Solution: Contact the system administrator to obtain the reason why the connection is terminated.

GAUSS-04226: "connection to client lost"

SQLSTATE: 08006

Description: The connection is lost.

Solution: Check whether the network connection is normal.

GAUSS-04229: "canceling autovacuum task"

SQLSTATE: 57014

Description: The  **autovauum**  task is cancelled.

Solution: Find the reason why the process is cancelled.

GAUSS-04230: "canceling statement due to conflict with recovery"

SQLSTATE: 40001

Description: The connection is cancelled due to the conflict with recovery.

Solution: Reconnect to the database and enter the command again.

