# GAUSS-00061 -- GAUSS-00070<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072872"></a>

GAUSS-00061: "unrecognized A\_Expr kind: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00062: "column %s.%s does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The column name is empty, incorrectly spelled, or not a column name defined in a relational table.

Solution: Run  **\\d tblname**  to check whether the specified column name is the one specified in the table. If it is not, change it to a valid column name.

GAUSS-00063: "column '%s' not found in data type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The type of the specified column is incorrectly defined.

Solution: Run  **\\d tblname**  to check whether the type of the column in the table is correct.

GAUSS-00064: "could not identify column '%s' in record data type"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The column does not exist because it cannot be identified using the record data type.

Solution: Ensure that the column exists.

GAUSS-00065: "column notation .%s applied to type %s, which is not a composite type"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: A non-composite type member is accessed using a dot \(.\).

Solution: Do not use a dot \(.\) to access a non-composite type member.

GAUSS-00066: "row expansion via '\*' is not supported here"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The current context does not support unfolding columns using an asterisk \(\*\).

Solution: Do not use an asterisk \(\*\) to unfold columns in the current context.

GAUSS-00067: "column reference '%s' is ambiguous"

SQLSTATE: 42702

Description: A column is referenced multiple times.

Solution: Do not reference a column multiple times.

GAUSS-00068: "column '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description: The column does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the column to be used exists in the table definition.

GAUSS-00069: "cross-database references are not implemented: %s"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: An object cannot be referenced from a database to another.

Solution: Do not reference an object from a database to another. For example, do not access an object in Database1 from Database2 using  **Database1.schema.object**. The object can be a table, index, or view.

GAUSS-00070: "improper qualified name \(too many dotted names\): %s"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Excessive dot separators are used. As a result, the name cannot be correctly resolved.

Solution: Reduce the number of dot separators and try again.

