# GAUSS-04361 -- GAUSS-04370<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073468"></a>

GAUSS-04361: "explain\_perf\_mode requires FORMAT TEXT"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The non-TEXT format is used while this parameter is set to non-normal mode.

Solution: Use the TEXT format when  **explain\_perf\_mode**  is set to non-normal mode.

GAUSS-04363: "unsupported type %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal system error. An unsupported type is used.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04365: "The expiration time could not be earlier than the starting time."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The start time of the validity period is later than the end time.

Solution: Check and set valid startup time and end time of the account.

GAUSS-04366: "The old password can not be NULL, please input your old password with 'replace' grammar."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: An error is reported if the original password is not provided when the administrator changes the administrator password or use the  **IDENTIFIED BY**  statement to change the user password.

Solution: When you use the  **IDENTIFIED BY**  statement to change the user password, use the  **REPLACE**  statement to offer original password.

GAUSS-04367: "The old password is invalid."

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The password is incorrect when the  **IDENTIFIED BY ... REPLACE**  statement is used to change the user password.

Solution: Provide a correct account password when using the  **IDENTIFIED BY ... REPLACE**  statement to change the user password.

GAUSS-04368: "Permission denied to rename the initial account."

SQLSTATE: 42501

Description: The user is not allowed to rename the initialized database user.

Solution: Check the object to be renamed. You are not allowed to rename the database initialized user.

