# GAUSS-00001 -- GAUSS-00010<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073010"></a>

GAUSS-00001: "operator does not exist: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The specified operator does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the error code contains the data type corresponding to the operator so that you can check whether the operator exists in the system catalog.

GAUSS-00002: "could not identify an ordering operator for type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: When you perform a sort or group operation, data is sorted. If the greater than \(gt\) or less than \(lt\) operator corresponding to the data type does not exist, this error is reported.

Solution: The error code contains a data type. Query the operator corresponding to the data type from the  **pg\_operator**  system catalog before using the operator and ensure that the operator exists.

GAUSS-00003: "could not identify an equality operator for type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: When you perform a group or unique operation, if the equal to \(et\) operation is involved, but the operator corresponding to the involved data type does not exist, this error is reported.

Solution: The error code contains a data type. Query the operator corresponding to the data type from the  **pg\_operator**  system catalog before using the operator and ensure that the operator exists.

GAUSS-00004: "operator requires run-time type coercion: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description:  **order by using**  is used to specify an operator. During code execution, a parse function checks whether the provided data type and operator match. If they do not match, this error is reported.

Solution: Ensure that the specified operator and data type match.

GAUSS-00005: "operator is not unique: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42725

Description: No identified operators are provided for certain data types. Data types need to be converted to match proper operators. When multiple data types are converted, this error is reported.

Solution: Convert a data type that has no corresponding operator to use a specific operator.

GAUSS-00006: "operator is only a shell: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: Undefined function.

Solution: Modify the input statement.

GAUSS-00007: "op ANY/ALL \(array\) requires array on right side"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: For the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator, the right parameter is not of the array type.

Solution: For the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator, use the right parameter of the array type.

GAUSS-00008: "op ANY/ALL \(array\) requires operator to yield Boolean"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The value returned for the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator is not of the Boolean type.

Solution: Ensure that the value returned for the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator is of the Boolean type.

GAUSS-00009: "op ANY/ALL \(array\) requires operator not to return a set"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The value returned for the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator is of the set type, which is not supported.

Solution: Ensure that the value returned for the ANY/ALL \(array\) operator is of a type excluding the set type.

GAUSS-00010: "could not find array type for data type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The array type corresponding to a data type cannot be found.

Solution: When using the array type corresponding to a data type, ensure that any corresponding or compatible array type exists in the  **pg\_type**  system catalog.

