# GAUSS-02311 -- GAUSS-02320<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073232"></a>

GAUSS-02312: "number of array dimensions \(%d\) exceeds the maximum allowed \(%d\)"

SQLSTATE: 54000

Description: The number of array dimensions exceeds the upper limit.

Solution: Ensure that the number of array dimensions is less than the upper limit displayed in the error information.

GAUSS-02313: "array subscript in assignment must not be null"

SQLSTATE: 22004

Description: The array subscript in the assignment statement cannot be  **NULL**.

Solution: Use a proper array subscript.

GAUSS-02315: "no aggregates in this expression context"

SQLSTATE: 42P25

Description: Expressions do not contain any aggregate functions.

Solution: Check the  **AggRef**  expression in the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02316: "no window functions in this expression context"

SQLSTATE: 42P20

Description: Expressions do not contain any window functions.

Solution: Check the  **WindowFunc**  expression in the SQL statement.

GAUSS-02317: "attribute number %d exceeds number of columns %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-02318: "attribute %d has wrong type"

SQLSTATE: 42P24

Description: The type does not match.

Solution: Check the SQL statement based on the reported error information.

GAUSS-02319: "table row type and query-specified row type do not match"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Types of table rows do not match those defined in queries.

Solution: Modify types of table rows to match those defined in queries.

