# GAUSS-00041 -- GAUSS-00050<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073630"></a>

GAUSS-00041: "unrecognized castmethod: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00042: "cache lookup failed for relation %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: When  **ALTER TABLE SET TABLESPACE**  is run, the relational table does not exist.

Solution: Modify this operation.

GAUSS-00043: "unsafe use of string constant with Unicode escapes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: When  **standard\_conforming\_strings**  is set to  **off**, the string constant is defined as an escape character of unified codes.

Solution: 1. Check whether the escape string in the input statement is correct. 2. Set  **standard\_conforming\_strings**  to  **on**  using  **gsql**.

GAUSS-00044: "invalid Unicode escape"

SQLSTATE: 22025

Description: The input statement contains an invalid escape character sequence.

Solution: Check whether a character sequence similar to  **\\u**_XXXX_  or  **\\U**_XXXXXXXXX_  exists.  _X_  indicates a digit \(0–9\), uppercase letter \(A–F\), or lowercase letter \(a–f\).

GAUSS-00045: "unsafe use of \\\\' in a string literal"

SQLSTATE: 22P06

Description: A string uses an invalid escape character \(\\\).

Solution: Correct the invalid escape character \(\\\) used in the SQL syntax.

GAUSS-00046: "%s at end of input"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The syntax of the terminator in the specified statement is incorrect.

Solution: Ensure that the syntax of the input statement is correct.

GAUSS-00047: "%s at or near '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Syntax error.

Solution: Correct the syntax of the SQL statement to be executed.

GAUSS-00048: "core\_yylex\_init\(\) failed: %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00049: "invalid hexadecimal digit"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid format.

Solution: Modify the input SQL statement.

