# GAUSS-00101 -- GAUSS-00110<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073149"></a>

GAUSS-00101: "table '%s' has %d columns available but %d columns specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: The number of table columns to be queried is greater than the total number of table columns.

Solution: Ensure that the number of table columns to be queried is less than or equal to the total number of table columns.

GAUSS-00102: "too many column aliases specified for function %s"

SQLSTATE: 42P10

Description: A function alias contains more than one column.

Solution: Ensure that a function alias contains only one column.

GAUSS-00103: "relation '%s' is not partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: The table is not a partitioned table.

Solution: Before performing an operation on the table, use the system catalog to ensure that the table is a partitioned table.

GAUSS-00104: "partition '%s' of relation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: The partitioned table does not exist.

Solution: When using a partitioned table, query the  **pg\_partition**  table to check whether the partitioned table exists.

GAUSS-00105: "The partition number is invalid or out-of-range"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The value inserted to the partition is out of the partition range.

Solution: Ensure that the value to be inserted to a partition is within the range of the partition.

GAUSS-00106: "unsupported partition type"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The partition type is not supported.

Solution: Change the partition type. Currently, row-store and column-store tables support only range partitioning.

GAUSS-00107: "relation '%s.%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: The table object in the specified schema does not exist.

Solution: Use an object that exists.

GAUSS-00108: "relation '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: The object does not exist.

Solution: Use an object that exists.

GAUSS-00109: "a column definition list is only allowed for functions returning 'record'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The column definition list \(or table definition\) is not allowed for functions that return values of a type other than record.

Solution: Do not use table definitions to specify return values for functions that do not return values of the record type.

GAUSS-00110: "a column definition list is required for functions returning 'record'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The column definition list \(or table definition\) is required for functions that return values of the record type.

Solution: Use table definitions to specify return values for functions that return values of the record type.

