# GAUSS-01261 -- GAUSS-01270<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072900"></a>

GAUSS-01261: "unimplemented bulkload mode"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The import mode is not supported.

Solution: Select the normal, shared, or private mode.

GAUSS-01262: "relative path not allowed for writable foreign table file"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: A relative path is used in the writable foreign table.

Solution: Use an absolute path in the writable foreign table.

GAUSS-01264: "Found invalid error recored"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid data records exist in tuples.

Solution: Locate the data row where the error occurred based on the error context and check whether invalid characters exist. If they do not, an internal error occurred. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01265: "could not cache error info:%m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to cache error information.

Solution: Locate the data row where the error occurred based on the error context and check whether invalid characters exist. If they do not, an internal error occurred. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01266: "could not fetch error record:%m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to obtain error information.

Solution: Locate the data row where the error occurred based on the error context and check whether invalid characters exist. If they do not, an internal error occurred. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01267: "incomplete error record"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Incomplete error information.

Solution: Locate the data row where the error occurred based on the error context and check whether invalid characters exist. If they do not, an internal error occurred. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01268: "access method '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: Tuples cannot be obtained from the system cache.

Solution: System catalog information is incorrect. Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01269: "must specify at least one column"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: No column is specified when you create an index.

Solution: Specify at least one column when you create an index.

GAUSS-01270: "cannot use more than %d columns in an index"

SQLSTATE: 54011

Description: The number of specified columns in an index cannot exceed 32.

Solution: Specify a maximum of 32 columns in an index.

