# GAUSS-01131 -- GAUSS-01140<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073138"></a>

GAUSS-01131: "prepared statement is not a SELECT"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The prepared statement in  **CREATE TABLE AS EXECUTE**  is not a  **SELECT**  statement.

Solution: Change the prepared statement to a  **SELECT**  statement.

GAUSS-01132: "wrong number of parameters for prepared statement '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of parameters required in the prepared statement does not match the number of parameters obtained.

Solution: Ensure that the number of parameters in  **EXECUTE**  is the same as that in  **PREPARE**. Then, run  **PREPARE**  and  **EXECUTE**  again.

GAUSS-01136: "parameter $%d of type %s cannot be coerced to the expected type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The parameter type in a prepared statement cannot be converted to the expected parameter type.

Solution: Add required type conversions or ensure that the parameter type can be converted.

GAUSS-01137: "Passing parameters in PREPARE statement is not supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Parameters cannot be remotely passed in prepared statements.

Solution: Do not pass distributed parameters in prepared statements.

GAUSS-01138: "prepared statement '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42P05

Description: The prepared statement already exists.

Solution: Check the  **pg\_prepared\_statements**  view. Do not create duplicate prepared statements.

GAUSS-01139: "prepared statement '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 26000

Description: The prepared statement to be executed does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the executed prepared statement exists in the  **pg\_prepared\_statements**  view.

GAUSS-01140: "EXPLAIN EXECUTE does not support variable-result cached plans"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

