# GAUSS-01841 -- GAUSS-01850<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073343"></a>

GAUSS-01841: "conversion '%s' already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: A conversion named  **conname**  already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the conversion name is unique.

GAUSS-01842: "default conversion for %s to %s already exists"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: A conversion from  **conforencoding**  to  **contoencoding**  already exists.

Solution: Do not create a conversion with the same function.

GAUSS-01843: "could not find tuple for conversion %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the tuple to be deleted from  **pg\_conversion**.

Solution: Ensure that the tuple OID is correct.

GAUSS-01847: "could not obtain lock on partition '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55P03

Description: Locks cannot be obtained for the current partition.

Solution: Check whether the resource utilization and the current partition status are normal.

GAUSS-01848: "partition '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42P01

Description: A partition named  **partitionName**  does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the partition name corresponding to the table is correct.

GAUSS-01849: "the object with oid %u is not a partitioned object"

SQLSTATE: 42P17

Description: The current object is not a partitioned object.

Solution: Check the object attribute or check whether it needs to be partitioned as required.

GAUSS-01850: "object with oid %u is not a partition object"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The current object is not a partitioned object.

Solution: Check the object attribute or check whether it needs to be partitioned as required.

