# GAUSS-01211 -- GAUSS-01220<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073724"></a>

GAUSS-01211: "cannot copy from view '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data from a view.

Solution: Do not copy data from a view.

GAUSS-01212: "cannot copy from foreign table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data from a foreign table.

Solution: Do not copy data from a foreign table.

GAUSS-01213: "cannot copy from sequence '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data from a sequence.

Solution: Do not copy data from a sequence.

GAUSS-01214: "cannot copy from non-table relation '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: Failed to copy data from a non-table relation.

Solution: Do not copy data from a non-table relation.

GAUSS-01215: "relative path not allowed for COPY to file"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: The path format of the target file to be copied cannot be a relative path.

Solution: Use an absolute path as a target file path.

GAUSS-01216: "could not open file '%s' for writing: %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to open a file.

Solution: Ensure that the file is not damaged and the permission is sufficient.

GAUSS-01217: "'%s' is a directory"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: The specified parameter is a directory name but not a file name.

Solution: Specify a file name rather than a directory name in  **COPY**.

GAUSS-01218: "could not chmod file '%s' : %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to change the file permission.

Solution: Ensure that the permission and user group of the file are correct.

GAUSS-01219: "Invalid file format"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The file format is not supported.

Solution: Use a TXT, binary, or CSV format that is supported during copy.

GAUSS-01220: "null value in column '%s' violates not-null constraint"

SQLSTATE: 23502

Description: A null value is entered in a column having the not-null constraint.

Solution: Enter valid values in columns having the not-null constraint.

