# GAUSS-01181 -- GAUSS-01190<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073083"></a>

GAUSS-01181: "COPY delimiter must be less than %d bytes"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The copy delimiter specified exceeds the maximum length.

Solution: Specify a delimiter with its length within 10 bytes.

GAUSS-01182: "COPY delimiter cannot be newline or carriage return"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Line breaks or carriage returns are used as copy delimiters.

Solution: Use only horizontal tabs or commas as copy delimiters. For details, see section "COPY."

GAUSS-01183: "COPY null representation cannot use newline or carriage return"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: Line breaks or carriage returns are used as copy null characters.

Solution: Do not use line breaks or carriage returns as copy null characters.

GAUSS-01184: "delimiter '%s' cannot contain any characters in'%s'"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: When a non-CSV file is imported, the specified delimiter contains forbidden characters, such as lowercase letters \(a-z\), digits \(0-9\), dots \(.\), and backslashes \(\\\).

Solution: Change the delimiter to ensure no forbidden characters are included.

GAUSS-01185: "COPY HEADER available only in CSV mode"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The copy header is not in CSV mode.

Solution: Ensure that the copy header is in CSV mode.

GAUSS-01186: "COPY quote available only in CSV mode"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The copy quote is not in CSV mode.

Solution: Ensure that the copy quote is in CSV mode.

GAUSS-01188: "delimiter cannot contain quote character"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: When a CSV file is imported, the delimiter contains quotation characters.

Solution: Change the quotation characters to allowed CSV delimiters.

GAUSS-01189: "COPY escape available only in CSV mode"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The copy escape is not in CSV mode.

Solution: Ensure that the copy escape is in CSV mode.

