# GAUSS-02561 -- GAUSS-02570<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073654"></a>

GAUSS-02563: "invalid macro name in dynamic library path: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: The dynamic library address contains invalid path macros.

Solution: Check whether the path macro in the dynamic library address is valid.

GAUSS-02564: "zero-length component in parameter 'dynamic\_library\_path'"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: The length of the dynamic library address is 0, which is invalid.

Solution: Check the dynamic library path.

GAUSS-02565: "component in parameter 'dynamic\_library\_path' is not an absolute path"

SQLSTATE: 42602

Description: The dynamic library address is not an absolute path.

Solution: Check the dynamic library path.

GAUSS-02566: "init\_MultiFuncCall cannot be called more than once"

SQLSTATE: 2F000

Description: Failed to call the  **init\_MultiFuncCall**  function for multiple times.

Solution: Check the calling logic.

GAUSS-02567: "could not determine actual result type for function '%s' declared to return type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: Failed to determine the return type of the function.

Solution: Check the return type of the function.

GAUSS-02568: "proallargtypes is not a 1-D Oid array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The function parameter is invalid.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

GAUSS-02569: "proargnames must have the same number of elements as the function has arguments"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: An internal system error occurs. The number of function parameters does not match  **proargnames**.

Solution: Check the input parameter.

