# GAUSS-00341 -- GAUSS-00350<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073436"></a>

GAUSS-00341: "cache lookup failed for opclass %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00342: "Partitioned table does not support EXCLUDE index"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The exclusion constraint cannot be specified in the  **CREATE TABLE ... CONSTRAINT**  syntax when creating a partitioned table.

Solution: Modify the syntax to specify other constraints when creating a partitioned table.

GAUSS-00343: "Invalid PRIMARY KEY/UNIQUE constraint for partitioned table"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: In the  **CREATE TABLE ... CONSTRAINT**  syntax, the partition key column for the partitioned table is not contained in the  **PRIMARY KEY**  or  **UNIQUE**  constraint for creating a partitioned table.

Solution: Ensure that the partition key column for the partitioned table is contained.

GAUSS-00344: "multiple primary keys for table '%s' are not allowed"

SQLSTATE: 42P16

Description: More than one primary key for  **INCLUDING INDEXES**  is specified in the  **LIKE**  clause of the  **CREATE TABLE ... LIKE source\_table**  syntax.

Solution: Specify only one primary key.

GAUSS-00345: "cannot use an existing index in CREATE TABLE"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: A constraint is incorrectly specified for the index column in the  **CREATE TABLE**  syntax.

Solution: Add a new constraint to the data table using the  **ALTER TABLE ... ADD table\_constraint**  syntax.

GAUSS-00346: "index '%s' does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The attribute name for specifying constraints in the  **CREATE/ALTER TABLE**  syntax does not exist in the relational table.

Solution: Ensure that the attribute name exists in the relational table.

GAUSS-00347: "index '%s' is already associated with a constraint"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: Usage not supported.

Solution: Create another index.

GAUSS-00348: "index '%s' does not belong to table '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The attribute name for specifying constraints in the  **CREATE/ALTER TABLE table\_name**  syntax does not exist in  _table\_name_.

Solution: Ensure that the attribute name exists.

GAUSS-00349: "index '%s' is not valid"

SQLSTATE: 55000

Description: The attribute name for specifying constraints in the  **CREATE/ALTER TABLE**  syntax is invalid.

Solution: Ensure that the attribute name exists in a relational or schema table.

GAUSS-00350: "'%s' is not a unique index"

SQLSTATE: 42809

Description: In the  **CREATE TABLE ... CONSTRAINT**  syntax, the index in the  **PRIMARY KEY**  or  **UNIQUE**  constraint for creating a partitioned table is not unique.

Solution: Ensure that the index is unique.

