# GAUSS-01451 -- GAUSS-01460<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073677"></a>

GAUSS-01451: "function %d\(%s,%s\) already exists in operator family '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: In the  **ADD**  or  **DROP**  clause of the  **CREATE OPERATOR CLASS**  or  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the function to be added already exists.

Solution: Ensure that the function to be added does not exist in the operator family.

GAUSS-01452: "operator %d\(%s,%s\) does not exist in operator family '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: In the  **DROP**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the specified operator does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the operator to be dropped exists in the operator family.

GAUSS-01453: "function %d\(%s,%s\) does not exist in operator family '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: In the  **DROP**  clause of the  **ALTER OPERATOR FAMILY**  statement, the specified function does not exist.

Solution: Ensure that the function to be dropped exists in the operator family.

GAUSS-01454: "could not find tuple for amop entry %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01455: "could not find tuple for amproc entry %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01456: "operator class '%s' for access method '%s' already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

Description: A conflict occurs when changing the operator class name.

Solution: Rename the operator class name.

GAUSS-01457: "operator family '%s' for access method '%s' already exists in schema '%s'"

SQLSTATE: 42710

A conflict occurs when changing the operator family name.

Solution: Rename the operator family name.

GAUSS-01458: "SETOF type not allowed for operator argument"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: In the  **CREATE OPERATOR**  statement, the type of the left or right parameter is  **SETOF**  \(set\).

Solution: Ensure that left and right parameters do not belong to the  **SETOF**  type \(set\).

GAUSS-01459: "operator procedure must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: In  **CREATE OPERATOR**, no procedure is specified.

Solution: Specify a procedure in the  **CREATE OPERATOR**  statement.

GAUSS-01460: "at least one of leftarg or rightarg must be specified"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: In the  **CREATE OPERATOR**  statement,  **LEFTARG**  and  **RIGHTARG**  are not specified.

Solution: Specify either  **LEFTARG**  or  **RIGHTARG**  or both of them in the  **CREATE OPERATOR**  statement.

