# GAUSS-01921 -- GAUSS-01930<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073720"></a>

GAUSS-01921: "return type of transition function %s is not %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The return type generated based on  **transfn**  is inconsistent with that as specified.

Solution: Ensure that the return type for the composite type is consistent with that as specified.

GAUSS-01922: "must not omit initial value when transition function is strict and transition type is not compatible with input type"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: When the conversion function is strict and inconsistent with the input type, pay attention to the type of the initial value.

Solution: Ensure that the type of the initial value is consistent with that of the conversion type. Alternatively, it must be at least compatible with binary data.

GAUSS-01923: "return type of collection function %s is not %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The return type of the collection function is different from the expected  **aggTreanType**.

Solution: Call the correct collection function.

GAUSS-01924: "cannot determine result data type"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The result data type cannot be determined because no parameter input exists.

Solution: Check and correct the parameter input type.

GAUSS-01925: "sort operator can only be specified for single-argument aggregates"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: Sort operators can only appear in an aggregate function with a single parameter.

Solution: Check the number of parameters and whether to call sort operators.

GAUSS-01926: "function %s returns a set"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The aggregate function can return only single value but cannot return a set.

Solution: Check whether the aggregate function is correct.

GAUSS-01927: "function %s requires run-time type coercion"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The function requires type coercion during execution but the type coercion is not performed in the  **nodeAgg.c**  file.

Solution: Ensure that type conversion does not occur during execution.

GAUSS-01928: "cannot drop %s because %s requires it"

SQLSTATE: 2BP01

Description: This object cannot be deleted because other objects depend on it.

Solution: Remove the dependency relationship. Alternatively, delete the depending objects.

GAUSS-01929: "incorrect use of PIN dependency with %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-01930: "unrecognized dependency type '%c' for %s"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

