# GAUSS-00141 -- GAUSS-00150<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073583"></a>

GAUSS-00141: "missing argument"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The parameter is missing when an operator is deleted.

Solution: Use the parameter defined for an operator when deleting the operator.

GAUSS-00142: "WITH CHECK OPTION is not implemented"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: This option is not supported.

Solution: Use a supported option.

GAUSS-00144: "CREATE TABLE AS EXECUTE not yet supported"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Syntax not supported.

Solution: Use a valid syntax.

GAUSS-00145: "number of columns does not match number of values"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The number of columns to be modified is inconsistent with the number of provided values.

Solution: Ensure that the number of columns to be modified is consistent with the number of provided values.

GAUSS-00146: "Sort method %s is not supported!"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The sorting method is not supported.

Solution: Use a valid option.

GAUSS-00148: "VALUES in FROM must have an alias"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **VALUES**  statement does not use an alias in the  **FROM**  clause.

Solution: Use an alias of the  **VALUES**  statement in the  **FROM**  clause.

GAUSS-00149: "precision for type float must be at least 1 bit"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The float precision is set to a value less than 1.

Solution: Set the float precision to a value greater than or equal to 1.

GAUSS-00150: "precision for type float must be less than 54 bits"

SQLSTATE: 22023

Description: The float precision is set to a value greater than 54.

Solution: Set the float precision to a value less than or equal to 54.

