# GAUSS-01901 -- GAUSS-01910<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302072878"></a>

GAUSS-01901: "language with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42883

Description: The result of checking user access rights in the user exit program indicates that the corresponding language format does not exist.

Solution: Check whether the language is defined in the  **pg\_language**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01904: "text search dictionary with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding file search path does not exist.

Solution: Check all file search paths in the  **pg\_ts\_dict**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01905: "text search configuration with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding file search composition does not exist.

Solution: Check all file search compositions in the  **pg\_ts\_config**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01906: "collation with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding character set does not exist.

Solution: Check all character sets in the  **pg\_collation**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01907: "conversion with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding conversion does not exist.

Solution: Check all conversions in the  **pg\_collation**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01908: "extension with OID %u does not exist"

SQLSTATE: 42704

Description: The result of checking user rights indicates that the corresponding extension does not exist.

Solution: Check all extensions in the  **pg\_extension**  system catalog.

GAUSS-01909: "relation '%s' has relchecks = 0"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

