# GAUSS-04691 -- GAUSS-04700<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073273"></a>

GAUSS-04691: "INSENSITIVE CURSOR is not yet supported."

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: Feature not supported.

Solution: Do not use this feature.

GAUSS-04695: "Value-based partition table should have one column at least"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The value-based partitioned table has at least one column.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04696: "Value-Based partition table creation encounters unexpected data in unnecessary fields"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Unexpected data is generated when the value-based partitioned table is created.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04697: "too many grouping sets present \(max 4096\)"

SQLSTATE: 54001

Description: The number of groups cannot exceed 4096.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-04698: "arguments to GROUPING must be grouping expressions of the associated query level"

SQLSTATE: 42803

Description: Failed to find the  **grouping**  parameter in the  **GROUP BY**  clause.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-04699: "GROUPING must have fewer than 32 arguments"

SQLSTATE: 54023

Description: The number of  **grouping**  parameters is less than 32.

Solution: Modify the SQL statement.

GAUSS-04700: "ngram parser only support UTF8/GBK encoding"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The  **NGRAM**  segmentation algorithm supports only the UTF8 or GBK database encoding format.

Solution:  **NGRAM**  is a segmentation algorithm to support Chinese full text retrieval. Ensure that the database encoding is UTF8 or GBK format when the  **NGRAM**  is used.

