# GAUSS-01811 -- GAUSS-01820<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073525"></a>

GAUSS-01811: "could not access file '%s': %m"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The dynamic library file must be copied to another physical node but fails to be found.

Solution: Check whether the dynamic library file exists and whether its address and link are correct.

GAUSS-01815: "The name of dynamic library is too long"

SQLSTATE: 42622

Description: The dynamic library name is too long.

Solution: Ensure that the name length does not exceed 1000 characters.

GAUSS-01816: "allParameterTypes is not a 1-D Oid array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid input parameter. An exception occurs when the procedure is created.

Solution: Ensure that the input parameter  **allParameterTypes**  is valid.

GAUSS-01817: "parameterModes is not a 1-D char array"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Invalid input parameter. An exception occurs when the procedure is created.

Solution: Ensure that the input parameter  **parameterModes**  is valid.

GAUSS-01818: "cannot determine result data type"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The result data type cannot be determined because no parameter input exists.

Solution: Check and correct the parameter input type.

GAUSS-01819: "unsafe use of pseudo-type 'internal'"

SQLSTATE: 42P13

Description: The  **internal**  return type may be unavailable because no  **internal**  parameter exists.

Solution: Ensure that the  **internal**  parameter exists.

GAUSS-01820: "'%s' is already an attribute of type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: The composite type name and the attribute type are the same during function creation.

Solution: Ensure that any name used during function creation is different from existing attribute names.

