# GAUSS-00851 -- GAUSS-00860<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073120"></a>

GAUSS-00851: "cannot %s '%s' because it is in use"

SQLSTATE: 55006

Description: When an SQL statement is executed, the data partition to be queried is being accessed.

Solution: Run this SQL statement after the data partition access is complete.

GAUSS-00852: "there is no column for a partitioned table!"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When the partition key sequence is obtained from a partitioned table, the column of the partitioned table is empty.

Solution: Ensure that the partitioned table has no empty column.

GAUSS-00853: "there is no partition key!"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When the partition key sequence is obtained from a partitioned table, the value of all partition keys is null.

Solution: Set the values of partition keys to valid ones.

GAUSS-00854: "duplicate partition key: %s"

SQLSTATE: 42701

Description: When the partition key sequence is obtained from a partitioned table, the partitioned table contains duplicate partition keys.

Solution: Modify the partitioned table.

GAUSS-00855: "undefined column'%s' is used as a partitioning column"

SQLSTATE: 42703

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00857: "column %s cannot serve as an interval partitioning column because of its datatype"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The data type of a column does not meet the requirements on interval partition columns.

Solution: Modify the data type of the column to meet the requirements.

GAUSS-00858: "column %s cannot serve as a range partitioning column because of its datatype"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The data type of a column does not meet the data range requirements on the columns of partitioned tables.

Solution: Modify the data type of the column to meet the requirements.

GAUSS-00859: "partition bound list contains too few elements"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When a partition value is modified to the array, the number of the elements contained in the partition bound list is less than that of target elements.

Solution: Change the number of the target elements to that of the elements contained in the partition bound list.

GAUSS-00860: "partition bound list contains too many elements"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: When a partition value is modified to the array, the number of the elements contained in the partition bound list is greater than that of target elements.

Solution: Change the number of the target elements to that of the elements contained in the partition bound list.

