# GAUSS-01731 -- GAUSS-01740<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073572"></a>

GAUSS-01731: "cannot truncate a table referenced in a foreign key constraint"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The table referenced by a foreign key constraint cannot be truncated.

Solution: Ensure that the current table to be truncated is referenced by another table. If it is, delete both of them.

GAUSS-01732: "buildPartitionKey\(\): partKeys specified NONE IS found'"

SQLSTATE: 22015

Description: The  **partKeys**  corresponding to attributes of the table is not found.

Solution: Ensure that the correct  **partKeys**  is provided when the partitioned table is created.

GAUSS-01733: "cache lookup failed for partition %u"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Failed to find the partition in the cache.

Solution: Ensure that the partition is valid.

GAUSS-01734: "missing definition for new partition"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The new partition is not defined.

Solution: Ensure that the partition is correctly defined before it is added.

GAUSS-01735: "boundary not defined for new partition"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The boundary is not defined in the new partition.

Solution: Ensure that the boundary is correctly defined in the new partition.

GAUSS-01736: "too many partition keys, allowed is %d"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The number of partitions added exceeds the maximum.

Solution: Ensure that the number of newly added partitions does not exceed the maximum.

GAUSS-01737: "number of partition key columns MUST less or equal than 4"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: The number of attribute columns of a partition must be equal to or less than 4.

Solution: Ensure that the number of attribute \(**partition key**\) columns of the original partitioned table is within the allowed range.

GAUSS-01738: "inserted partition key does not map to any table partition"

SQLSTATE: P0002

Description: The partition key of the inserted tuple does not map to any existing partition.

Solution: Check whether the data inserted is out of the partition range of the partitioned table.

GAUSS-01739: "Inserted partition key does not map to any table partition"

SQLSTATE: P0002

Description: The newly inserted partition key cannot be recognized.

Solution: Ensure that the inserted partition key maps to the current partition.

