# GAUSS-04651 -- GAUSS-04660<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073688"></a>

GAUSS-04651: "It is not supported to rename schema '%s' which includes DFS table '%s'."

SQLSTATE: 42939

Description: Currently, a schema containing the DFS table cannot be renamed using the  **ALTER SCHEMA **_schema\_name_** RENAME TO **_new\_schema\_name_  syntax.

Solution: Ensure that the  **ALTER SCHEMA **_schema\_name_** RENAME TO **_new\_schema\_name_  syntax does not contain the DFS table. Delete the DFS table and rename the schema again.

GAUSS-04652: "COPY\_ROACH does not implement in CopySendEndOfRow"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Do not use ROACH for COPY TO export.

Solution: Do not use ROACH for COPY TO export.

GAUSS-04653: "the bulkload compatible illegal chars flag is already set before bulkload starts"

SQLSTATE: XX000

Description: Internal system error. The parameter for specifying invalid character compatibility that was imported before has not been cleaned.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04655: "cannot specify bulkload compatibility options in BINARY mode"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: Internal system error. The imported CopyState object is not cleared.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-04656: "IGNORE\_EXTRA\_DATA specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **ignore\_extra\_data**  parameter can only be used to import data.

Solution: Remove the  **ignore\_extra\_data**  parameter when the export function is enabled.

GAUSS-04657: "COMPATIBLE\_ILLEGAL\_CHARS specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  parameter can only be used to import data.

Solution: Remove the  **compatible\_illegal\_chars**  parameter when the export function is enabled.

GAUSS-04658: "DATE\_FORMAT specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **date\_format**  parameter can only be used to import data.

Solution: Remove the  **date\_format**  parameter when the export function is enabled.

GAUSS-04659: "TIME\_FORMAT specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **time\_format**  parameter can only be used to import data.

Solution: Remove the  **time\_format**  parameter when the export function is enabled.

GAUSS-04660: "TIMESTAMP\_FORMAT specification only available using COPY FROM or READ ONLY foreign table"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The  **timestamp\_format**  parameter can only be used to import data.

Solution: Remove the  **timestamp\_format**  parameter when the export function is enabled.

