# GAUSS-00081 -- GAUSS-00090<a name="EN-US_TOPIC_0302073233"></a>

GAUSS-00081: "unnamed XML attribute value must be a column reference"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: The unnamed XML attribute values must be referenced by a column.

Solution: Modify the input SQL statement.

GAUSS-00082: "XML attribute name '%s' appears more than once"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: A duplicate column exists in XMLELEMENT.

Solution: Modify the input SQL statement.

GAUSS-00083: "cannot cast XMLSERIALIZE result to %s"

SQLSTATE: 42846

Description: The XMLSERIALIZE type is converted to another type.

Solution: Ensure that types can be converted.

GAUSS-00084: "unrecognized booltesttype: %d"

SQLSTATE: XX004

Description:Internal system error.

Solution:Contact technical support.

GAUSS-00085: "WHERE CURRENT OF clause not yet supported"

SQLSTATE: 54001

Description: The  **WHERE CURRENT OF**  syntax is used, which is not supported.

Solution: Do not use the  **WHERE CURRENT OF**  syntax.

GAUSS-00086: "unequal number of entries in row expressions"

SQLSTATE: 42601

Description: In a row expression, the number of parameters on the right and that on the left of the equal to \(et\) operator are different.

Solution: Ensure that the numbers are the same.

GAUSS-00087: "cannot compare rows of zero length"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The lengths of rows to be compared are zero.

Solution: Ensure that the lengths are not zero.

GAUSS-00088: "row comparison operator must yield type Boolean, not type %s"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The value returned after row expression comparison is not a Boolean type.

Solution: Ensure that the value returned is a Boolean type.

GAUSS-00089: "row comparison operator must not return a set"

SQLSTATE: 42804

Description: The value returned after row expression comparison is a set.

Solution: Ensure that the value returned is not a set.

GAUSS-00090: "could not determine interpretation of row comparison operator %s"

SQLSTATE: 0A000

Description: The row comparison operator cannot be found.

Solution: Ensure that the row comparison operator to be used exists.

